This restaurant is in one word amazing. It’s a little diamont in Phuket! Small, easily overlooked, but when you are inside it is really cosy with a chill vibe. The food is delicious! The chef even came to apologize the food was a little late....More
"Nice clean tidy small Belgian run restaurant in old Phuket town
Meal was nice tasty and good portion
Pumpkin soup was piping hot and delicious
Main course fish was wonderful
Top notch not to pricey
Worth a visit"
After reading several good reviews about this restaurant we decided to give it a try. We were not disappointed. Good and very friendly service and above all delicious food. I had shrimps in garlic and olive oil as a starter and ribeye as main course....More
I strongly disagree with the very positive reviews that this place received. We went there today, ended up waiting for about an hour for the food to be cooked. On my way to the bathroom I saw the chef who was working alone with a...More
"A nice place with good food .
Worth a visit ..
prices are reasonable and friendly staff.
Recommend to make a booking as they are slightly limited on seats !
Be back for sure"
"Recently ate at this restaurant,small,could do with a revamp decor wise,friendly owners and limited menu.Takes a bit of time for orders to arrive as the owner is the only chef but the food was nicely presented and very tasty.
Only negative is the overpriced wine(a...More"
This place is amazing! Highly highly recommend. The food was great and the service was impeccable. I had the salmon tartare to start and it was the best I have ever had. I had the fish for a main course and it was great. It...More
Absolutely loved the small place, so cozy! The food is excellent! Loved the Australian beef, nicely cooked with a very good pepper sauce. Dessert was awesome! Belgian chocolate with passion fruit coulis. Well done to the Chef!
visited Flavour with my partner last week. the taste of the food its pretty average and so is the presentation. small restaurant with a basic set up. waited a bit of time for the food and the drinks to arrive but that wasnt really a...More
"This small and cozy place hides more than you see from outside the front door.
We had red meat, which went clearly to the top 3 meat we've ever eaten. The chef clearly puts passion into his dishes, this is a one-man-show and a good...More"
This is a very nice and cosy place and the food was magnificent. The garlic shrimps are highly recommended to start with. We've had the pork steak and the salmon lasagna - delicious. You should not miss this place if you are in Phuket
The food looks great, tastes great, and is definitely cooked with love. The fresh baked bread is beyond "delicious", it's has kind of divine taste ^_^ Chef Eric is really caring and helpful and the atmosphere he has created is truly vibrant and peaceful.
The chef makes the place what it is. Perfectly cooked and delicious food. We came here twice during our visit to Phuket. You might not be inspired when you walk in but just wait for your first bite.
We’ve been in this beautiful place to enjoy the last dinner of the 2017. I loved everything since the first moment: nice location with a cozy atmosphere. The staff is very kind and helpful, attentive to the customer. And the food is so tasty! We...More
Appropriately named (although spelt incorrectly) lol. Food was well presented and very flavoursome. Small restaurant and only a single waitress but she did a great job considering the place was at full capacity. Prices were compatible to the quality of the food. Garlic prawns were...More
i've been reading all many reviews on the internet (including tripadvisor.com) before deciding to choose this restaurant, maybe i had expected too much because everything's expensive and too expensive compared to what you'll get. i ordered salmon steak, the price's more expensive than the other...More
We really enjoyed our meal in this small restaurant. The chef/owner and the waitress were really freindly. My husband loved the garlic prawns and the chicken soup I ate was delicious. Our main courses of beef and the pork chop with Dijon mustard sauce that...More
The food was amazing and prices are really reasonable for the quality you get. The menu may seem limited, but trust me the chef really knows what he is doing. Every dish we ordered was great! I would really recommend the shrimps with olive oil...More
A friend bought me here and what a surprise . A Chef who knows food . Everything very well cooked and presented . Good Flavors and very interesting menu ......Service is professional and easy . Good selection of wines . Will definitely return .
Great food which is consistently good and fantastic value for money. Must try if you are in town. Thank you for our enjoyable evening.
It was pouring with rain so we took refuge under a verandah. Low and behold, there was a restaurant right next door! Although it was a little early the staff welcomed us and we were delighted to find a French/Belgian influence on wonderfully fresh food....More
Just last night we came back to Erik's place again after our last visit in December 2015. The only comment we had - nothibgs has changed!!! A charming and friendly host welcomes you to his house and serves the best quality food in simple style......More
Everything (stock etc) made from scratch with love and care by amazing Belgian chef. Omg try the chocolate Belgian cake! Get there early to avoid disappointment. This is a must do restaurant in old phuket town. Cheers guys x
We tried a few dishes at Flavor and thought they were pretty good. Prices were also on the reasonable side. The standout dish for us was the Salmon lasagna. Despite not really being a Salmon fan and the menu overcrowded with Salmon dishes we reluctantly...More
"We were warmly welcomed by Erik and his wife as if we entered their home as their long friends. The food is made totally from the heart with fresh and well selected ingredients in amazing combinations.
Try the pumpkin soup, mushroom risotto and snapper mango...More"
Great bar/bistro , Great piano player , had a small plate for fried mushrooms with dip that tasted great .cold drinks on a hot day very stylish , must go to place in phuket old town
The restaurant is managed by a Belgian guy...he is very friendly and give you great tips on the island if you ask! The food is excellent and very well prepared! ....great place, great night!
My husband and I found this place as we were looking for other options beside Thai food. My husband had the organic pork chop and I had the red fish. Both were very tasty. The place is pretty much a whole in the wall, but...More
Recommended by the bar(Prohibition) across the street. The Belgium chef was meticulous in preparing our meal. We enjoyed not being rushed through courses and I can not say enough about the grilled seabass salad that I ate for my entree. It was perfectly dressed and...More
"Not much to add to the 5 star.
Just walk in and eat nice fresh quality food.
We had the prawns, salmon and salmon lasagna, and we were extremely happy to what we got.
Good job chef."
Cosy atmosphere, delicious food and wonderful service. This place is a real gem. A quality experience at very reasonable prices. Don't think I've ever tried better chocolate cake!
There are so many words to describe Flavor and some of them are amazing, delightful, enjoyable and fantastic! The restaurant is situated on the heart of Phuket town on a row of sino portuguese establishment which makes Flavor even more special. Chef Erik creates a...More
"Wonderful restaurant!
Small place serving great food (at a fantastic price) that is always cooked to perfection by the chef/owner. The garlic prawn starter is a work of art.
We love it."
Small intimate restaurant. Food was amazing and very well priced. Lovely service. Wine limited, BYO if that is important. One of those hard to find, very enjoyable dining experiences.
I visited Flavor on a night that I was craving a western salad, I generally eat local food. The restaurant was small and cosy, run by Belgian chef, Eric & his wife. The service was attentive, prices reasonable, ambiance lovely & the food speaks of...More
No doubt some of the best food in Phuket. My wife and I have lived here for years and only recently stumbled upon this gem. Owned and operated by the head chef Erik and his lovely wife. Fresh and quality ingredients prepared with care result...More
"Really a nice surprise this small restaurant in
Phuket town
Only few tables
Great great food , great atmosphere
Really tasty as the chef use fresh ingredients
Lamb stew so delicious
Different kind of flavor salad
Very affordable
Good wine from Chili as well
Highly...More"
Walked by and the place looked cozy and calm. A bit more expensive than elsewhere we have eaten in Thailand but without doubt value for the money spent. Wonderful food! We loved it.
Absolutely loved this small Belgian restaurant! The chef chooses his ingredients well, and they have a really, really good house wine for 100 baht/glass. Too bad I'm only here for 1 night, otherwise I would definitely go back! Recommended!
We found this lovely place by chance and we keep coming back. Every time we go back there, we always have delicious food made to our liking. The food is presented beautifully and they are delicious. Very very highly recommended to try this.
Really outstanding spot that we found close to our hotel in old town. Pork chop was perfect and my wife's ahi tuna salad was mouthwatering as well. Really have to give it to the chef (who we got to meet, really nice guy) for whipping...More
It's a small cozy place with very interesting dishes. As some noted it's a small restaurant with little staff so don't go here in a rush. Rather go when you want to enjoy a different experience and the flavour of the day!
We visited Flavor Phuket today and had an excellent experience! Fresh soup, delicious main course. You can taste only fresh products are used. Will come here again for sure!
"Flavor Restaurant:
Yaowarat Road 66 Phuket Town, Phuket Town, Phuket 83000 > 66 Yaowarat Road between Thalang and Dibuk roads
Tel: 084 843 1613
Lots of rave reviews but I have bad news for vegetarians.
Nice interior / friendly owner / A/C
We drove all...More"
Best quality steak ,nice chef ,good and authentic Belgium food with reasonable price.Don't miss at all
Had a great meal here. Lasagna was the best I have had in a long time. So rich and decadent and a reasonable price. Especially given the chefs dedication to using quality ingredients and cooking everything from scratch. You can taste the love and quality...More
Super delicious dishes and not to expensive. It is so much worth to try once when you are in Phuket. The shop is in Phuket town near Thalang road. Dinner with friends or as a couple are also wonderful. I dare you to come.
"Having been a few times in Phuket we many times walked by but never walked it....until the last time as my wife found something interesting on the menu....
The simple outcome - we should have walked in many times before. It is such a small...More"
If you've been on the hunt for healthy wholesome food in Phuket then look no further than Flavor! You've hit the million dollar jackpot with Flavor. This cosy little eatery in the heart of Phuket Town offers a host of lovingly prepared dishes by master...More
My husband and I travel to Phuket on a regular basis. On our last trip we had the opportunity of going to diner with friends at Flavor Restaurant in Phuket Town. I had to say both Eric and his wife Kate have a beautiful intimate...More
"Flavor serves us wonderful and delicious food and gives us an enjoyable dinner !! We will surely be back again!! We highly recommend the fish soup, the garlic prawns , Australian beef tenderloin, salmon steak and belgian chocolate cake~
The fish soup ,which takes 3...More"
"If you enjoy good food make the effort and come here for a meal.I promise you wont be disappointed. The GPS goes crazy but just go to Yaeorwat Road in Old Phuket town with eyes on your right.
The owner and chef Eric is truly...More"
We've been to Flavor twice so far - and we will definitely be back soon! The flavours are sensational :-) the dishes tastes like home and better! We've had some appetizers like the gazpacho, the soup with coconut oil, the salmon tartare and all were...More
The food is amazing! My favourite was the only desert in the menu: Belgian chocolate cake, which is to die for (plus totally agreed with the chef - if you have that in the menu as a desert you don't need anything else) The chef...More
Me and my friends stopped by Flavor while visiting Phuket. The reviews are accurate and the food here is delicious. If you want a break from Thai food and are looking for a great meal stop here.
We visited Flavor late one evening and were blown away by the food and great atmosphere. The restaurant has an intriguing look and the best food I've tasted in a long time. Highly recommended.
We went for a change following TA reviews and as it was my husbands birthday. Easy enough to find with the directions on here - after Limelight mall, 2nd junction, turn left and it's no 66. We were only customers when we arrived but it...More
We had no preconceived notions and stumbled into Flavor quite by chance last night. What a pleasant surprise to find ourselves being spoilt by a chef of great skill and passion, with a couple of excellent dishes! My partner ordered the sumptuous salmon lasagna and...More
Cozy European restaurant with a great Chef. Food was great and the few tables guarantee the cozy atmosphere. The wine was excellent. Would go back there anytime.
"Let me repeat earlier warnings - the location shown on tripadvisor is wrong. Don't use that as a guide and head for the junction of Dibuk and Yaowarat Road in Phuket Town.
We came here after reading some great reviews on TA - but we...More"
"Chef Eric of Flavor Restaurant was introduced to us as, “The only restaurant I recommend”. Given the strong endorsement we had to see what all the chat was about. In summary, yes, Chef Erik of Flavor is making magic in his kitchen.
Our first dinner...More"
If you plan on going to this restaurant (which you 1000% should) please do not follow the directions on the map shown on TripAdvisor or take any notice of the opening times! They are totally incorrect. Put the address written on this page into the...More
"I rarely write reviews, but when I do, I feel the venue really deserves it ... especially places such as Flavor ... where Chef Erik Vranckx is genuinely cooking from the heart.
A very small (16 seats) and cozy restaurant, Flavor is all about what's...More"
I had heard that the chef at the Flavor restaurant, a Belgian man, made all his food/sauces/everything from organic ingredients he picks out himself. Added to that, he runs a small restaurant not taking more than 16 people each evening. It sounded like an expensive,...More
"Eric the owner really puts his heart in to his food .
Nevr feel let down when we leave , top food by a top chef and highly recomended.
Probably in the top 5 restaurants in Phuket town run by a real chef owner ."
I was strolling around looking for somewhere to eat and the interior of this place looked inviting. The quality of service was excellent - I always appreciate the owner coming out to check all is ok. I had the pumpkin and tomato soup with coconut...More
The steak was one of the best i have had in Phuket. The tuna steak was cooked perfectly and was served with a great salad. Nice vibe.
"Went last night with a group of 13 and had an excellent meal. Small intimate restaurant with excellent food and nice and cozy ambiance.
As we were a bigger group we had been requested to pre-order our meal and everything I tried was cooked to...More"
"Best thing is that you dont get a menu with 20 pages with food but 7 pages with quality dishes!
I order Angus beef steak with mushroom sauce with dessert! so good so good!
Downside no picture in Menu and Parking can be tricky but...More"
The food preparation is done by a Master Chef Eric and the waitress is his wife Kat. It works. He is one of a kind and works with only organic food. I've been there now with many guests / friends and we've never walked out...More
"Have been eating here at least once a month since they opened more than a year ago. Never had a meal that was less than great ! Attention to detail is amazing, and food is mostly it is organic too.
Have a look at their...More"
Can defiantly recommend this restaurant as one not to be missed. The food is world class and right in the middle of Phuket town. Erik, a chef from Belgium is a wizard in the kitchen. I am a return customer. Everything I have tried has...More
"I went here for my 50th Birthday and was not disappointed.
The restaurant is cosy and you are made to feel really welcome.
The food is absolutely divine and the prices are fantastic for the quality of the food.
The broccoli patty was wonderful, the...More"
The food is very nice and cooked fresh when you order. I was actually very surprised at the quality of food for such low prices.
It's expensive, but you're getting what you pay for. The quality of the food is exceptional. I tried the salmon tartar, veggie 'burger' and chicken and brocoli mash dish. It was all delicious (especially the salmon). The music was good and the atmosphere was nice...More
Eric is a truly exceptional chef who will make sure that you leave his establishment satisfied. Since the moment you are in his territory, you can feel that you're in good hands. Nothing else to add. Enjoy his cuisine!
Found this restaurant relatively late on a Saturday night. The chef/ owner was very friendly and explained the menu very well. Obviously put great care and effort into making food. Other staff were friendly and put effort into the service. Wonderfully presented and very tasty....More
"Came across this wonderful new little restaurant while wandering the streets of Phuket town one hot day recently. It has a hip, welcoming vibe and was an air-conditioned sanctuary.
Chef Eric cooks everything from scratch after you order and it shows. I chose a cold...More"
On our walk down the road we discovered this restaurant. There was a sign for organic food which we havn't often seen in Phuket and really didn't expect to find one in Phuket Town. The restaurant is really lovely decorated, small but full of love...More
Decided to have dinner after it's second week of opening. What a delight it was. The place is tiny, it can fit not more than 16 covers but at a logical reason, it's a one man show behind the stove. The chef Eric from Belgium...More
This restaurant is in one word amazing. It’s a little diamont in Phuket! Small, easily overlooked, but when you are inside it is really cosy with a chill vibe. The food is delicious! The chef even came to apologize the food was a little late....More
"Nice clean tidy small Belgian run restaurant in old Phuket town
Meal was nice tasty and good portion
Pumpkin soup was piping hot and delicious
Main course fish was wonderful
Top notch not to pricey
Worth a visit"
After reading several good reviews about this restaurant we decided to give it a try. We were not disappointed. Good and very friendly service and above all delicious food. I had shrimps in garlic and olive oil as a starter and ribeye as main course....More
I strongly disagree with the very positive reviews that this place received. We went there today, ended up waiting for about an hour for the food to be cooked. On my way to the bathroom I saw the chef who was working alone with a...More
"A nice place with good food .
Worth a visit ..
prices are reasonable and friendly staff.
Recommend to make a booking as they are slightly limited on seats !
Be back for sure"
"Recently ate at this restaurant,small,could do with a revamp decor wise,friendly owners and limited menu.Takes a bit of time for orders to arrive as the owner is the only chef but the food was nicely presented and very tasty.
Only negative is the overpriced wine(a...More"
This place is amazing! Highly highly recommend. The food was great and the service was impeccable. I had the salmon tartare to start and it was the best I have ever had. I had the fish for a main course and it was great. It...More
Absolutely loved the small place, so cozy! The food is excellent! Loved the Australian beef, nicely cooked with a very good pepper sauce. Dessert was awesome! Belgian chocolate with passion fruit coulis. Well done to the Chef!
visited Flavour with my partner last week. the taste of the food its pretty average and so is the presentation. small restaurant with a basic set up. waited a bit of time for the food and the drinks to arrive but that wasnt really a...More
"This small and cozy place hides more than you see from outside the front door.
We had red meat, which went clearly to the top 3 meat we've ever eaten. The chef clearly puts passion into his dishes, this is a one-man-show and a good...More"
This restaurant is in one word amazing. It’s a little diamont in Phuket! Small, easily overlooked, but when you are inside it is really cosy with a chill vibe. The food is delicious! The chef even came to apologize the food was a little late....More
"Nice clean tidy small Belgian run restaurant in old Phuket town
Meal was nice tasty and good portion
Pumpkin soup was piping hot and delicious
Main course fish was wonderful
Top notch not to pricey
Worth a visit"
After reading several good reviews about this restaurant we decided to give it a try. We were not disappointed. Good and very friendly service and above all delicious food. I had shrimps in garlic and olive oil as a starter and ribeye as main course....More
I strongly disagree with the very positive reviews that this place received. We went there today, ended up waiting for about an hour for the food to be cooked. On my way to the bathroom I saw the chef who was working alone with a...More
"A nice place with good food .
Worth a visit ..
prices are reasonable and friendly staff.
Recommend to make a booking as they are slightly limited on seats !
Be back for sure"
"Recently ate at this restaurant,small,could do with a revamp decor wise,friendly owners and limited menu.Takes a bit of time for orders to arrive as the owner is the only chef but the food was nicely presented and very tasty.
Only negative is the overpriced wine(a...More"
This place is amazing! Highly highly recommend. The food was great and the service was impeccable. I had the salmon tartare to start and it was the best I have ever had. I had the fish for a main course and it was great. It...More
Absolutely loved the small place, so cozy! The food is excellent! Loved the Australian beef, nicely cooked with a very good pepper sauce. Dessert was awesome! Belgian chocolate with passion fruit coulis. Well done to the Chef!
visited Flavour with my partner last week. the taste of the food its pretty average and so is the presentation. small restaurant with a basic set up. waited a bit of time for the food and the drinks to arrive but that wasnt really a...More
"This small and cozy place hides more than you see from outside the front door.
We had red meat, which went clearly to the top 3 meat we've ever eaten. The chef clearly puts passion into his dishes, this is a one-man-show and a good...More"
Stayed at Avista Hideaway last week....Breakfast was served in vista restaurant and was superb....great range, quality and service consistently. Also used for lunch on a couple of occasions....the menu has something for everyone and the food is top restaurant quality 5 starMore
Great quality and variety of food and very friendly staff. Staff always took time to chat and see if you had a great day. B.B. was amazing made you feel very specialMore
"The buffet breakfast offered good variety of Asian and Western cuisines. Staff were friendly and even remembered your coffee preferences on a morning.
The buffer dinner was satisfactory but not so much that you thought you must go back.More"
"Had a very pleasant meal but did not realise the restaurant was part of a large hotel-so somewhat poor atmosphere with only a few tables booked
The staff were super and made us very welcomeMore"
The staff is great and ready to help. The food is delicious and the venue has a really nice vibe to it. Loved everything about it.More
Loved walking into this resort ( Avista hide-away Phuket ) from the stunning look of the lobby and the lit up water feature in the front entrance, we were greeted by friendly staff that were eager to help. As we were not staying at this...More
Service very friendly, menu well constructed, nice views over pool and distant sea views <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> worth a visit if staying outside<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>More
We had a truly sensational dining experience at Vista on 7 January. The resort looks amazing and the restaurant is modern and very impressive. Best of all though, the staff and the food were amazing and great value. Special mention to Aoy who made our...More
We stayed at the Avista Hideaway so we dined at this restaurant on a number of occasions during our stay. Whether it was lunch, breakfast or dinner the food at the Vista was simply wonderful with very friendly and helpful staff. If you are vacationing...More
Me and my girlfriend have just returned from 10 days at the hotel. We were half board and therefore ate breakfast and dinner at the Vista restaurant. The food was very good and the choice was excellent. We particularly enjoyed the Thai food at dinner....More
The food was absolutely amazing! My husband and I went for traditional Thai and that's exactly what we got! BB our waitress for the eldest's ending was very knowledgeable and friendly! May even stay at the Avista hideaway resort when we return to Thailand! Thank...More
We had dinner here to celebrate a birthday and the food was awesome. The staff was attentive and the food was fast and hot. the kebabs are highly recommended and so was the entire settings of the restaurant. toilets were clean and good. Takes a...More
It's always convenient to have breakfast in your resort, but sometimes it's nice to change it up and try somewhere different from time to time, especially as we were staying for 9 nights and wanted variety. From the very first morning we both knew we...More
massaman curry the best my husband has even tasted, sticky rice and mango dessert stunning, cashew nut brownie with salted caramel amazing and breakfast selection is brilliantMore
"I have been to a few hotels within Thailand as well as across the world, and I will hands down say this is one of the best restaurants at a hotel for the price.
Their buffet breakfasts are phenomenal with one of the largest spreads...More"
Tasty food and great service here. Good choice and a nice environment to relax and chat, plus not a bad second choice to Sizzle.More
Love the food and the customer service. Chef Tim is amazing he checks on everything and everyone at every meal.More
"Everything was perfect, food, drinks, very polite staff, great Chef and a great hotel Manager.
If you come to Phuket you MUST STAY in AvistaMore"
We were tired and decided to eat at the hotel. Good experience overall but food recommendation was not that great, meaning we were looking for more help on the menu. But food and experience was good.More
Originally booked to eat at sizzle but due to the weather our reservation was moved to Vista. We enjoyed our meal it was great quality food with generous portions. The waiter was so helpful and friendly he really made the meal special.More
Had a excellent night international food ,pasta and Thai favourites, also the breakfast venue for the hotel.More
breakfast good except kept running out of bacon. sorted out smokers while we were there- put them in cornerMore
We had dinner at Vista at last night during our stay. The service was excellent, food was very delicious with beautiful presentation. Portion size is suitable for 2 person sharing. I love the curry, chicken satay and mango sticky rice. Being a AccorPlus member, we...More
We tend not to eat in house too often when we stay at a resort as you tend to get better food and better value at nearby specialty restaurants. Not here, extensive menu, great quality and excellent value. Wouldn’t hesitate to recommend.More
This was our first time to thailand and we are so glad we chose the Avista Hideaway Resort. We stayed 10 nights in total and had the pool villa. The staff in all areas of t b e resort were fantastic, and we would like...More
This place was like home. They've provided great service especially the filipino staffs. I still would want to go back here. Take care everyoneMore
Stayed at the Avista Hideaway resort and enjoyed every meal here. The breakfast buffet is large with plenty of variety. Ranging from oats or cereals, fruits, salads, cold meats and a good range of Indian style curry. Best of all was the excellent egg chefs...More
We stayed at the Avista hotel for three nights and ate at Vista several times. The breakfast buffet was excellent with a wide choice. Lunch and dinner was of a very high standard of cooking. The service was excellent. We'll be back. Thank you.More
Transferred here for 1 night after sister hotel over booked. It was a great experience having a room with its own pool. We ate dinner in the restaurant which proved an excellent choice. Arriving late and out of season (rainy season) the restaurant was relatively...More
"Food are fine. Sitting in the balcony is a good choice. We had 2 dinners and one lunch here.
If you don't want to take the shuttle bus to the town. this is an option.More"
Stayed at Avista and had dinner there twice. Best Pad Thai I had while in Phuket. Food was beautiful and the staff were friendly, service was amazing. Breakfast was also fantastic. Highly recommended.More
"Visited loved the hotel and the service,
Food was really well priced and perfect service.
Recomend this place for lunch and dinnerMore"
The food and service at this restaurant is second to none, we cannot thank the staff enough. We will be back.More
We were staying in the hotel, so chose to eat a couple of nights in Vista. The ambiance on the balcony was really nice in the candlelight. The service was excellent. The food range is very varied, we ate local Asian food each night and...More
"We had 8 nights at the resort in July and enjoyed every day. Our room was great with views of the ocean. getting around was a little difficult as I had just had a total knee replacement.
The service from the reception staff was excellent...More"
"Staying at the hotel, we ate here for lunch and it was a lovely experience.
Beautiful, almost deco, surroundings and professional service.
Good food across the menu too.
Considering it's a hotel restaurant, also well priced - 1000THB for lunch for 3.More"
There was great food always for breakfast or dinner. Staff are great and customer orientated and ready to assist you.More
have been in Phuket for a full week now my second time here. I have tried alot of foods around the paying and karon area. This in particular restaurant was a well established dining experience made for those that like a little bit of a...More
The food is pleasant for a hotel restaurant, we ate here a couple of times and the food was of a decent quality. I certainly wouldn't be making the effort to come here specifically for the restaurant if you weren't a guest at the hotel....More
After a long haul from Sydney, we arrived at the Avista Resort hotel in Phuket tired, exhausted and hungry. Immediately after checked into the hotel, we were looking for something to fill our stomach but not sure where to go. The decision we took to...More
This hotel offering great breakfast with many option, included local food. My kids was enjoy the breakfast here and after that they go to swim in the pool.More
My husband and I returned to this restaurant and I must say we were really happy with a nice restaurant with great service and good foodMore
"This superb restaurant is part of the stunning Avista Hideaway resort.
Very classy surroundings, inside or outdoor balcony dining is available.
The meals are freshly prepared, delicious and the service is exceptional!
We have sampled the wide ranging breakfasts and a couple of evening dinners;...More"
"During a ten day stay at Avista we ate at Vista restaurant several times both for lunch and dinner.
We also had breakfast at Avista where we were pampered by charming Aoy.
The food and service were very good. Food was well presented and tasty...More"
Staff were all very attentive and wonderfully kind- nothing was too much trouble. Try one of the signature cocktails -Hideaway Angel was so yummy. Dishes were exquisitely presented- everything done in a world class professional manner.More
We have never been so pampered before on any of our holidays as we were at this spectacular resort. The food was exceptional, the cocktail delightful and the staff really wonderful especially when I was ill and they went out of their way to bring...More
"We stayed at Avista Hideaway so this was our regular go-to in house restaurant where we had breakfast every morning as well as dinner a few nights.
Special mention to the lovely staff who were always so polite, friendly and accommodating for our stay especially...More"
"The food was varied and of high quality.
The staff were extremely polite, professional and respectful.
The atmospere was enjoyable and quietMore"
"The food is delicious, I love breakfast and they have a good selection of different foods for brekkie.
Their normal menu is just as good, great tasting authentic Thai cuisine plus other types of food to choose from.
The prices are normal restaurant prices, some...More"
"My partner and I really enjoyed the courses we ordered. They were efficiently served by the attentive staff.
In reflecting, one course would have satisfied us. Still appreciated the cuisine. Regretting not going earlier in our stay.More"
Vista restaurant was absolutely amazing. Breakfast buffet was incredible with such a massive selection to suit everyone & by far the best buffet breakfast we have had in Phuket. We also ate dinner here nearly every night and we're not disappointed! Everything from the cocktails,...More
We ate breakfast and dinner almost every night at this restaurant during our 8 day stay and we were not disappointed. The breakfasts are just amazing! There is a lavish buffet selection for almost every palate with something new each morning. The Dinners were delicious...More
Very good food, I was very happy to see Indian food choices in their menu. Their staff is very cordial and prompt. I would like to visit again!!More
vista restaurent offers nice view of the pools and the andaman sea.the breakfast buffet served here is lavish and offers something for everyone.More
Fabulous. It is a pleasant view and I think it is the first place in Phuket and I would recommend going thereMore
It was my girlfriend's birthday meal and the service was excellent, I previously asked them to do something special for her and they bought her out a small birthday cake and sung her happy birthday! The food was delicious and would recommend to anyone who...More
"During our stay we dined at Vista frequently as the staff are wonderful and there's a wide variety of food available.
Breakfasts, lunches and dinners never failed to dissapoint!
From the approachable and friendly management (Leon), the talented team of chefs (led by Exec. Chef...More"
Lovely resort and spa. Pools and staff were amazing. Highly recommend for a couples relaxing holiday.
"Beautiful views, a variety of amazing dishes and the friendliest staff
Stayed for 8 nights, breakfast each day had more than enough western and Thai dishes to chose from, had an amazing dinner and lunch there, an extensive menu to chose from
As good as...More"
This review is short and sweet. The food is good (7 or 8 out of 10) but the prices are ridiculous compared to other restaurants in the region. The staff in the restaurant are friendly enough. The most disappointing thing was the receptionist of the...More
My husband and I visited Vista restaurant a few times. We were served by the amazing Atthapol, he was very friendly and always provided us with excellent service. I had the best butter chicken dish there, It was amazing, my husband had to meet the...More
Delicious variety of food,lovely atmosphere with the dim blue lights, friendly polite staff that made you feel so welcome, we loved it.More
Every meal amazing with a mixture of English and Thai food, give the Thai food a go, you will be blown away by the flavoursMore
We travelled as a group of 10 with ages ranging from 5 to late 70's. The Vista Restaurant was able to cater for all of us from a plate of pasta con aglio e olio right through to an authentic pad thai or spicy green...More
We loved our food here.. The staff also very helpfull and well trained.. Nice environment and very romantic for couples.. Expect high prices, but still ok..Thanks for everything and hope to return soon.More
We went for dinner at the Rooftop restaurant. It was for my wife's birthday. We were warmly greeted by the staf, and Joseph was particular impressive. Their English is very good (in the whole of Phuket). Food wise was a treat, as everything was based...More
great food, great staff, enjoyable place to meet, eat and drink good wine, privat dinning area available for groups of 2 - 10.....beautifulMore
"Had breakfast here each day as staying in this hotel. Massive range and all well cooked.
We went one night for dinner and cocktails. The chilli cocktail (I forget the name) was an absolute winner. One of my favourites on my whole holiday.
We ate...More"
The selection is limited and in my view the food is not excellent, but eatable. ok for quick lunch by the pool and provided you have nice dinner outside.More
Would like to compliment the fantastic staff. Breakfast was totally out of this world. We will differently recommend to all. See you again very soon indeed.More
"I stayed here 4 nights 5 days and the we ate at the restaurant every morning it was great to wake up have a light stroll with the my mom and enjoy a really great breakfast
its just what the doctor ordered for my father...More"
Went here for dinner the other and found the meals the same as you would find in a restaurant down on Bangla Rd but at about double the priceMore
Tasted like tomato sauce was main ingredient in everything. Disappointed at inauthentic flavour. Huge portions - which evidently matched the huge prices.More
"I live on the island and never thought I would eat in a hotel was invited by friends staying at Avista must say this was like back home professional staff all very coherent and capable!
Nung and Leon very funny guys nothing was too much!!...More"
The service is unsurpassable...nothing too much for them.Breakfast was really yum and had lots of choices.Dinners also very good.More
We are in the middle of a two week holiday at this resort , no compliant at all breakfast has been good and just enjoyed an a la carte dinner where the service and food were lovely, everyone has gone out of their way to...More
Delicious food . Staff were professional and very curteous. Breakfast , lunch and dinner were at a high standard.More
Good food. Had the penang curry enjoyed it very much. The service was excellent and staff very attentive prices not much more than in patong. My wife couldn't finish hers and they were more than glad to put in a takeaway box for herMore
"Went for evening meal at the Vista restaurant our conclusions were a bit mixed.
Firstly service very good however two issues we passed on at end of meal to the waitress was more or less ignored. My fries were cold before i was halfway through...More"
We have just returned from a two weeks holiday at the Avista Hideway Resort in Phuket and I can honestly say that dining at this hotel every evening was one of the highlights of our holiday; the staff are extremely warm, very polite and their...More
Quite hidden, but went by a tuk-tuk and thankfully the driver knew the place. Went to celebrate my husband´s birthday. Beautiful restaurant, waiters very nice and polite, speak good english. But we were disappointed with the quality of the food, the stir fry chicken with...More
Ottimo, very good and clean!Im italian and i like menu! The view? Vero very very wuonderful ! KissesMore
We have enjoyed our holiday spent in Phuket so much. The food is very tasty, fresh and cooked up to very high standard. My delight was the warmth of the staff who always did their utmost to please us. We had breakfast and sometimes diner...More
"We did not stay in this hotel as guests, but we tried one evening their Vista restaurant. We made a reservation through email, which was confirmed very quickly.
After a 10 minutes Tuk Tuk ride from Amari hotel to Vista, we were welcomed at the...More"
We went to lunch and dinner several times, highly recomennded for cosy relaxing romanting dinners: excellent wine, most tasty food , perfect service and lux atmosphere-you dont need to worry about anything, just enjoy!More
Had 3 meals in this restaurant during our stay, am vegetarian, still managed to try different cuisines, good drinks and good service.More
I stayed here and dined for breakfast and dinner The staff is awesome!! The lamb and fresh juices were amazing as well as the viewMore
'brill brekkie + scrummy suppers beyond - couldn't ask for more really, plus prices el cheapo for such quality rilly!
"I've been in this restaurant after having read a lot of good revisions.
The first impression of the restaurant is good since the place looks luxury and futuristic. When we entered nobody looked us and after 10 minutes waiting, the waiter accompanied us to a...More"
"Absolute Chios
All staff looked busy and running around like headlines chooks
No supervision was in existence
Food quality and variety was very ordinary
Had to place order for coffee a few times
The staff said they were very busy but were all congratulated in...More"
Nice and friendly staff. Unlimited Pasta and noodles deal works out being cheaper. Ambience in the restaurant is very good.More
Staying at the Avista Hideaway, have dined here twice & will do so again before we leave. A lovely, relaxed restaurant in a wonderful location (both inside & terrace seating available), the service is superb (in particular a guy called Patrick - really professional &...More
Lots of choices for both asian and western especially Thai, we love our set menu with 3 choice by mixed Thai & Western, our waiter Patrick was great and warm hospitality, strongly recommendMore
My wife and I recently stayed at the Avista Hideaway in Patong. The hotel is fantastic, the staff are incredibly friendly. The restaurant was just okay. Our first night at the hotel we settled in and grabbed a late dinner. We were one of about...More
"The Resturant has Amazing view, great food ,excellent service and friendly staff.
Regards,
Shafiq yousefMore"
Our experience was very nice and pleasant, menu had several options and the dishes we ordered were delicious, service was exceptional.More
I ate breakfast, lunch and dinner at Vista multiple times during the course of a 7 night stay at Avista Hideaway. The fact that I kept going back must say something! I was never disappointed with the presentation of the food, the taste of the...More
Although a restaurant within a resort, Vista surprised us with fantastic food, particularly the Thai and Indian menu items we tried. Breakfast was also outstanding with great quality food and something to please everybody's taste.More
"(Two Reviews - Breakfast first, Dinner further down....)
Breakfast Vista Restaurant
06/11/16-12/11/16
This restaurant is within the Avista Hideaway Resort and Spa. It is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner 6:30am-11pm.
Breakfast is a very good buffet of hot and cold food. Food to suit...More"
had breakfast here for the week we stayed here . The egg station was excellent and variety of food was first class . Coffee could have been warmerMore
We followed people's reviews since they are reliable most of the time but... their booking système doesn't really work. ... The food is average (don't expect meat or beef in the so called angus burger, it's more a black piece of something before cooking and...More
This was one of the first meals we had on this trip and we were not disappointed. I visited Karon back in 2015 when Nami was only a small ice cream shop a few meters away from its current location. Lovely food and staff, it’s...More
Great ice cream, and a nice place to take a break with the aircon, but the waitress was really crabby today and didn’t make our visit a pleasant one. But will come back again for the ice cream.
Best icecold Thai tea we could find in Karon! Very delicious and very nice atmosphere to sit down inside in some yellow wing chair.
We only ate the ice cream here, but it was simply scrumptious! If you need a cool treat I highly recommend their tasty treats!
"We had a good lunch of spaghetti (a bit dry, we asked for extra virgin oil) steak was good, juicy and well cooked (medium rare). Fish and chips for kid were ok,
The loveliest part was icecream which is home-made. We ordered White Choc, Banana...More"
"I found this place based on tripadvisor's positive reviews. I ordered medium cooked steak and my daughter orderer a pizza. Waiter suggested to take a package together with free coca-cola.
Unfortunatelly, pizza - it was Very untasty and hard and cracked in our mouths.
Steak...More"
Inexpensive, great-tasting food and desserts, served in generous portions. The staff is very nice and let's you taste the ice cream before ordering. Overall, this is a great place to eat.
We stopped in for ice cream after a meal elsewhere. Ice cream was decent not extraordinary. Staff was very pleasant and helpful.
"Had an ok 'English Breakfast' here consisting of eggs, hash brown, ham, bacon, toast and jam, salad, and hot drink.
Egg white was still clear for one of my eggs which was unfortunate.
Could be improved on by adding beans, sausage and mushroom.
Friendly service."
"On a night out one day exploring the area we come across this beautiful place! Firstly the layout of the restaurant is so nice and stands our from surroundings.
After sitting down we had a look at the menu and the prices were actually very...More"
The menu is extensive and the staff member was helpful by offering us a combination special. During our meal I asked for directions to another restaurant for breaky the next morning enquiring about coffee. They said Nami make great coffee too. Then to my surprise...More
Came here with my wife and had ice cream. The portion was decent and taste was delicious. I would come back here to eat the ice cream.
Easy to find near north end of town with a good varied menu to suit all tastes. Great for veggies and anyone like us who are keto
Perfect homemade icecream! Had oreo& ovomaltine and it was very yummy! Would eat there everyday :-)!
"I remember this little ice creamery 2 years ago when it was a shoe box shop front not more than 20 meters from its current location.
The young female co-creator of her ice cream was so proud- happy to be sharing her and her partners...More"
Ice cream was too good but little less options to choose from. Taste was really nice. Had tried 2 falvours
"Staff great - offered for us to try different flavours before we bought - all with a big smile.
Went the 3 scoop option with Salted Caramel, chocolate and passion fruit. All great and very reasonable cost.
Will go there agin before holiday finishes."
we went here many times on our short stay in karon, lovely service and such tasty ice-cream! it was so hard to choose a flavour! all home made too! hope I can get here again some day
We visited Nami while in Karon 2 years ago and at the time it was a small outdoor ice cream stand. We were disappointed to see that it was gone....but then thrilled to see that it was now a store! Congratulations Nami- we are so...More
My wife is a connoisseur of ice cream and we visited Nami everyday while we were in Phuket. Excellent ice cream, air-conditioning and clean rest rooms. Highly recommended.
Waffle with 2 scoops of ice-cream is worth trying. Banana ice-cream was my favorite flavor. Fried pineapple wasn't the best, but it was served with ice-cream, sooooo it saved the dish :)
Super yummy home made ice cream; and fantastic food by the way. We had a great lunch special with was great. Their local thai dishes are also made with love. Tom Yum was great as was a fried noodle dish. Slightly more expensive than other...More
Friendly staff with modern decor and nice atmosphere as of a typical coffee shop in the west but when the menu arrives you will discover a book full of food of all kind from veg to seafood. Unfortunately we just here for coffee so can't...More
This place looks like an ice cream parlor from the past.. They have ice creams and shakes. But they also have a very extensive food menu and prices are very moderate! Bonus is that you sit in a relaxed and pleasant surroundings with AC and...More
came here for coffee a few times whilst we have been in karon. staff are friendly and food is amazing.
We had lunch here which was all good enough, my sons Pizza did look very good. All the food came out one by one with pretty big gaps which is ok but when the last one came out it hadn't been heated well enough so...More
An good rest stop for coffee and ice cream. I had a crepe which was pretty tasty! They do good as well but think dessert here is the best option!
"We stayed at Karon Beach and Patong and ate here on two occasions - the last visit we got a tuktuk from Patong just to come have dinner here.
I can't speak highly enough of this little resturant! I loved it! The food was cheap...More"
Great Place to eat quirky seating small chairs to arm chairs. The food was excellent. What more can I say. You must try.
"First walk through Karon beach .
Hankering for a coffee.
We had 2x mochas and 2x double scoops of ice cream . 119 BHT for 2 scoops ice cream , and 89 BHT for hot mocha. I had chocolate and rum and raisin.
Very nice...More"
I was initially put off by the design and emphasis on Ice cream and coffee, however their Thai food was excellent. Very well priced for the area and clean kitchen/location.
"Came here for dessert after a meal next door.
Good value for many compared to Australian icecream parlours.
I had the waffle & 2 scoops for 189 baht. It was HUGE and I couldn't eat it all. Icecream was delicious and it came with a...More"
We had dinner at this place and had spring roll, basil pork and green curry. The food came hot and it was delightful. We ended the meal with ice cream. Great place for food and good service.
I gave it above average because it's inside air conditioning, plus the 180 lunch special is a good value. However, I'm uncertain about the ice and soup, because if it comes from filtered water, this can be posted as a promotion. We want filtered water...More
Great icecream and other snacks that are big enough to be meals. To escape into aircon is another bonus. My son had a toasted sandwich, which was like a double decker sandwich, great value for money.
Good ice cream solid prices! Got it impromptu after lunch nearby , no regrets. Will be back for more soon!
Was walking past and thought we would try their homemade ice cream, it was delicious, we had the cookies and cream and salted caramel both amazing, will definitely be returning before we go home. Also great service and a nice atmosphere inside.
We stopped here twice whilst in phuket the first time we tried the ice cream which is outstanding we opted for the caramel, second visit we tried the pizza which was great and a papaya salad which was even better don't let the bad reviews...More
I'd give the crepe and ice cream a 5 but the mains a 3 hence the score of 4. Nice and clean. Welcoming staff
Great food, well presented in a good clean relaxed family environment. The food is fresh with an awesome selection of snacks, entrees, mains and exceptional ice cream. Typically Thai happy friendly service without the pushiness.
Milkshakes are to die for and the sweet crepes are gorgeous with banana and a little brown sugar melted over mmmmmmm
Found the reviews overrated. OK for ice cream, but basic flavours really. Cannot see why the raving on. Pretty dirty toilets also.
We stopped in for dessert, however they served a variety of meals. It cost approximately 120 Baht for 2 scoops in a cup and wow was it worth it! The flavours were just luscious and flavour packed! I highly recommend the pistachio and the rich...More
So my husband and I were craving for some good coffee at Karon and stumbled upon this place! What a pleasant place this is! The food is great, I ordered a club sandwich and frappe; it was so so good. The sandwich came with some...More
We were a bit hungry and looking forward to a place which serves coffee and quick bites. We found this place near Karon beach which had a lot more to offer than just coffee. I had a cappuccino and chicken burger and my wife had...More
Amazing Gelato at this restaurant. The amazing food does not stop there as their menu offers a huge variety of items to choose from. The prices on all items was the cheapest in Karon. Fantastic fast Wifi available as well.
"It was raining so I was looking for a a place to chill that wasn't my hotel room.
This place do the best shakes. I couldn't choose an ice cream flavour so the lady let me try about 8. All of them were delicious. I...More"
We actually found this fun modern little cafe from another review from TripAdvisor. I wanted crepe so bad that day so I googled for the best crepe in the area. Nami showed up. Upon reading reviews after reviews. My husband and I decided to go...More
"My family and I had ice cream in here a couple times and its definitely worth a visit. Good selection of ice cream flavours and a good place to stop to get out of the heat for awhile.
The place is very clean and really...More"
Great fresh coffee. Sat outside watching the world go by in a comfy rocking chair what could be better? Good selection of food and drink better than average
Came here as we saw it had good reviews, and me and my partner tried the ice cream. We was able to have testers of most the flavours before deciding which was good. The lady thay served us was very polite and kind. Ice cream...More
after dinner we often went to Nami to drink a good espresso and then you had to take one of the fabulous cakes or "dolce " how we say in Italy. real good
"I visited the shpp twice. The first time, I have late lunch there. The environment is good with air condition. The food portion is large and the price is reasonable.
Rhe icecream is yummy with lots of favour. The coconut favour is yummy.
The shop...More"
We called here ten minutes before closing and sampled some really nice ice creams after eating elsewhere. I had chocolate and mango which was delicious others in my party had caramel, banana, cookies and cream and we all enjoyed our choices. Staff were busy closing...More
The foods are very good and staff as well. we've enjoyed everything. keep the good work. heart heart!
Lovely, home-made ice creams with a variety of flavours. Excellent crêpes too. Very friendly service in an impeccably cool and clean environment. Worth a visit.
We went to Nami for a couple of meals, aircon was very pleasant after being in the hot son steak &a chips was good plentiful I had pasta with tomato base sauce very nice and filling good cup of tea in need of one
Since my last visit to Karon they have now opened a larger cafe. Still the best Gelato in Phuket. They are now serving light refreshments as well now. Very friendly staff. A must try whilst in Karon
Very western feel. Really nice comfy chairs and sofa-type seating which is good for a sleeping baby or for nursing xx
Icecream of course...we always make a point of coming here and again was not dissappointed lovely icecream and friendly service what more can you ask for
Excellent variety of ice creams, different cakes and food. Very helpful staff, wifi, clean, air conditioned, good atmosphere.
Lovely place with great ice cream and service. They let you try as many of the flavours as you want before you buy. Very inexpensive and great service.
By far the cleanest and the tastiest food I've had in Phuket... the home made ice cream is a must try, the pineapple smoothie was very refreshing. The staff are very welcoming, great service and always so smiley.
"superclean! great waffle and ice-cream. staff is so nice and the drip coffee was nice too.
They also serve food."
A great place with great food! Friendly atmosphere and attentive staff. Ideal for families with children of any age. Ice cream is very tasty. Food for everyone - European and Thai cuisine. Portions are large.
"We visited this restaraunt for lunch. The service was very good, staff were attentive, decor lovely and the menu varied.
We had steaks for lunch and ordered coffees and ice cream for dessert. There are lots of positives. The food was good but not outstanding....More"
Lovely café with homemade icecreams and tasty cappucino. And really like the nice lady behind the desk too. Great place!
We're sitting here with my wife and it has been a delight. We had Tom Yum soup, kao pad kra phew and pad Thai and it was very good. Now we're crowning the visit with a Macadamia and a mulberry ice-cream. Service was very good...More
Delicious food !! Awesome service would 100% recommend , and will definitely be coming back <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00BD>
Try the salted caramel ice cream, it's the best. Fully air conditioned, great service and lovely ice cream
We stopped here on our way back from dinner because a friend recommended it. Small little cozy place with nice sweets. I had the Maple Walnut and my man had the Chocolate Chip. Good portions, smiling staff and a true treat but a bit expensive.
Interesting flavours and very good service makes this a must visit in Karon. You can taste the different options before you buy so be brave and try something different. They also serve light meals and drinks. Give it a try - you will not be...More
well, this was the first time I had ice cream in phuket, tried the cookie n cream, tasted nice. But I have had better before
Ice-Cream was good but can not say the best. It is recomended but not strongly. I prefer to have unique Thai style rolling ice-cream.
"Words can't describe how I feel about this little place!!!!
Once we came across it we then went each day for the duration of our stay in Karon.... it's seriously just awesome!!! So please, please, please if you are in the area then stop by...More"
"Ok ice cream, but rather expensive.
Place is overrated and not worth a second visit. Nice friendly staff"
Wonderful place! Has a very cute interior, comfy seats, dog friendly. The cakes and coffee are excellent, however, if you prefer soy milk, byo. Recommend you the "Seven day crepe cake", it is delicious. The staff is very friendly. Make sure you visit this place...More
Stumbled upon it accidentally. Declious homemade icecream. The only downside is they change the flavors daily so don't get attached to a particular one, you may have to wait awhile for it to come back on sale!!!!
Today I went to this place based on the positive reviews it had on TA. Nami was easy to find, 1 min by bike from the main junction in Karon beach. We ordered two scoops of ice cream and one iced coffee. The ice cream...More
"Clean and cool place (especially after hot and noisy street). Icecream was very tasty and my whole family enjoyed it! We loved a table with sitting pillows around (like japanese style).
Cant say anything about regular dishes, but we were looking for coffee and icecream."
What teh big hype about the ice cream ? Pretty mediocre. Actually the fried ice cream stalls are possibly better.
A perfect stop on a hot day especially back from the beach about 5 mins from Movenpick hotel and 7 from the beach. smack bang in the centre of town. Neat and clean place to sit down and enjoy your ice cream. Friendly staff and...More
We had a good lunch of spaghetti (a bit dry we asked for extra virgin to make it tastier) steak was good juicy and well cooked (medium rare asked). Fish and chips for kid were ok and the loveliest part was ice cream which is...More
"We walked about 1km from our hotel to visit Nami after dinner, simply based on the TripAdvisor reviews and ratings.
The place was empty when we arrived, which was surprising considering its high ranking and rating here on TripAdvisor. It was very clean and well...More"
"After reading about this place on Trip Advisor, we were excited to finally get to visit yesterday when we landed in Phuket.
The restaurant is clean, modern and importantly, air conditioned! It was empty when we arrived at around 3:30pm, and other than a few...More"
Several great options for ice cream. Banana brownie was my favorite. Customer service lacking as server seemed annoyed but prices and loath ins were perfect.
The food was delicious and place was very clean and nice. I recommend the raspberry ice cream and the banana brownie ice cream. So good! However, their orange sorbet was very crystalized. I wanted to order the rainbow crepe cake they had on the menu,...More
"Stopped by as one of the few coffee shops I could find.
The coffee was good, didn't try the ice cream but it looked good and the people who had it all seemed to enjoy it"
Yes! You can buy ice cream full of sugar and cream but it's too expensive! A magnum in 7 eleven is way better and the staff is rude!
Great place, clean and friendly customer service. The ice cream was amazing and they offer free tasting. I would recommend trying the dark chocolate ice cream
They serve really good ice cream here (like they do in Italy where you choose the ice cream you want from a big open view fridge) For 119 Bahts you get 2 really big scoops and you can sit down inside in their AC cafe
Yet again the comments on trip advisor where right this place does some superb ice cream the lemongrass and the banana and almond are highly recommended
"We went yesterday to try it out as it was number 1 in TripAdvisor,
The place is really clean and I love the design of it.
But I thought an ice cream place serving Thai food and pizza was a bit strange but I guess...More"
If you have a serious craving for ice cream that needs to be fixed, go to the cafe inside Movenpick Karon resort. This ice cream cafe is fairly decent. Ice cream was average. We had the rainbow crepe cake, it was so bad, avoid it...More
The ice cream is great, but don't miss the authentic Thai food, prepared with finesse. Nice and spacy place, friendly staff.
Not only do they have the best ice cream..... but we stopped in for a cappuccino and tiramisu. It was delicious! We also stopped many times for dinner. They had a wonderful menu which included many of our dishes from home.... also delicious. The staff...More
There is more than just ice cream available on the menu. There are about 18 flavours of ice cream available by cup or cone. Compared to some other food and ice cream options, they seem to be a bit more expensive.
Amazing icecream and cakes! Warm and welcoming smiles all around. Great options on the icecream. My daughter loved this place
Really good ice cream. Great that they offer you to try a sample before ordering to make sure you like it. Lovely air conditioned room too. Good idea to eat ice cream indoors as it melts pretty quick outside in the heat!
A very pleasant stay with super view over Patong and delicious food and good wine. A place to recommend all time. Food, service and ambiente was top! I am looking forward to my next visit. Thanks to Pierre, Patrizia and the team for a wonderful...More
"We spent 9 nights at the Amari resort where La Gritta is located.
During our stay we ate here three times.
The risotto is the best risotto I have ever had. I had the mushroom and the Alaskan crab risotto.
The service and food is...More"
"La Gritta is located at Amari resort and is in a picturesque location.
We ate here a few times, the food was nice, the service was good and the view are incredible.
However, based on the reviews we were expecting more and therefore our expectations...More"
My first time in phuket and at this restaurant. I was abit worried but I had the best experience. The food was amazing and the sunset view was mind blowing. The staff where very nice and helpful. I would definitely recommend this place for a...More
"We have just returned from a weeks stay at the Amari Hotel and had two meals in
La Gritta.
Both were first class, very good menu, and excellent service.
We also enjoyed the bar upstairs by the pool very much.
Nong the girl who seems...More"
Had one of the best meals ever as seafood starter amazing then had lamb chops as just outstanding and the quality out of this world. For a special meal in a perfect location then this is the place to go as the menus is wide...More
Cannot recommend La Gritta highly enough! We ventured from Karon Beach (roughly 15min drive) after reading about it online. The food was fantastic, the drinks were very well priced and there was a large selection to choose from. The view to the beach and toward...More
My partner and I had dinner at La Gritta on our last night staying at Amari. We wished we had eaten there a few more times as the food was outstanding! We ordered a ham and mushroom pizza to share as entree and for main...More
Today I am try Pizza prosciutto cotto e funghi so amazing taste, the pizza is completely perfect!! Chef Patricia and staff so very kindly they give me the excellent service.
Stunning, panoramic sea view is not enough!! Highly recommend this place to everybody with excellent services, delicious cocktails and happy to see professionals like Nang, Aui making the late afternoon very special!!
We stayed at the Amari Hotel and spent one evening at the La Gritta and it was just perfect. We felt really comfortable and it was a romantic atmosphere. Everything we tried was delicious and tasty. We can highly recommend a visit at La Gritta....More
"We ate here three times during our stay at the Amari which is unusual as we normally eat away from hotels and favour the local
restaurants. Couldn’t fault the food. First we shared the Tomahawk steak which was just amazing... the chef came to everyone...More"
Amazing view of the sunset and Patong Beach, perfectly matched with incredible food. We have been to this restaurant twice and would happily come back.
"Good evening
We booked this restaurant a few weeks before our arriving in Pathong.
What can we say...
The service is incredible
The food amazing tagliatelle al cingual delicious
My sea food plate absolutely amazing
There were present all the evening to be sure about...More"
This is an authentic Italian restaurant overlooking the bay, excellent pizzas, very large. The rest of the menue is a real Italian range with a wide selection. The staff are ever attentive
"My wife and I ate here one the second last day of our amazing trip to Thailand. Fantastic location, great views but that is where everything stops being great.
The food was average, lacked flavor ... but it didn't lack food poisoning. For the 24...More"
Went to Amari for my anniversary trip and went to La Gritta for dinner. Oh my! Not at all disappointed. Everything was top notched. View, friendly staff and of course the food! Oh la la! Had the Funghi risotto and the man had his pork...More
"We ate twice at La Gritta during our recent stay at Amari resort. The view over the Andaman Sea is amazing - sunset and watching the fisherman were highlights.
The first time we both had the most delicious risotto - me pumpkin risotto with tiger...More"
This place holds the best seafood platter. No, need to wonder around the island to get the best dishes. I enjoyed the food, the space, the service and the view till closing.
"Thank you K.Nong for recommended this La Gritta,it was fantastic and very nice service from her and her friends.I had a pasta and one of mocktail.I will come back for soon.
Thank you :))
Terry W"
Spot on restaurant in every way possible. Very good quality food and service in a truly wonderful setting.
If your in Patong and want to grab a nice dinner with an amazing view and the best service hit La Gritta. We ate there many times due to the fact we stayed at the Amari where La Gritta was. The service by all the...More
"We came here for our anniversary dinner, we had contacted the restaurant a few days earlier to let them know our food allergies and they were excellent at replying. The Restaurant is based in a lovely Hotel called Amari.
The views are excellent and so...More"
Everything was amazing, the lamp chops is perfect! As well the risotto and pizza. One last tip is to stay inside at night to avoid the mosquitoes.
"We spent 10 day at Amari
Location was wonderful
The service of the staff was fabulous, Nong service at La Gritta was exceptional on a daily basis"
Fine Italian food, good sevice and acceptable prices. It could be busy due to hotel guests so it would be better to book a table before or visit restaurant not at rush hour.
While staying at Amari we celebrated my birthday at la Gritta. We enjoyed the food which was real italian, the service and offcourse the virw and the ambience. All in all it's a must try.
We were staying about 20 minutes from Patong but were recommended to go to La Gritta by a friend. My Husband is Celiac so I emailed the Restuarant in the morning to check they could accommodate his dietary requirements, and they were quick to respond...More
"Whether you are a guest at Amari, enjoying the poolside ambience, or whether you have come for a meal, no visit to Patong is complete without eating at La Gritta. The view is breathtaking and the service superb.
My favourite food there is a butternut...More"
"My wife and myself went to the La Gritta the second time during one of our stays at the AMARI and once again we can give a 5 star rating to this authentic Italian restaurant with a great view.
We do visit Italy regularly (friends,...More"
"i been ther with my friends and we had a nice seat outdoor !!! view of Patong from the restaurant stunning !!! food there so nice , wine also just test beautiful !!!!!!!
is a god memories to be there , and such a good...More"
Visited the other night for dinner - beautiful setting with food to match! My fiancé had the prawn fettuccini and said it was the best Italian dish he has ever had! I had the lasagne which was equally as nice. The cocktails were delicious and...More
We went there to celebrate my birthday whilst staying at the Amari. Everything was fantastic with views extending back along Paton Beach. The food authentic was Italian and just the right portions. The staff could not have more attentive and friendly. Not the cheapest meal...More
As a frequent traveler to Phuket, this place was always on my bucket list. I took my 74 Italian mamma. Had a cheeky cocktail to begin with which was ok. Then we had antipasto platter, also good but how could u get that wrong. But...More
Booked evening meal here so was dark on arrival. Must be really pretty during night fall as right on the cliff edge. Good service, food and price about the same as the UK so above average for Thai standards. Had starter, main, dessert and two...More
By far some of the best Italian food I’ve ever had. I attended this venue with Italian friends and they rated this place as EXCELLENT !
"Unique setting by the sea with great views over Patong bay. This restaurant offers a wide range of Italian classics and grilled meat. We had the tomahawk of waygu beef, perfectly grilled and totally tasty.
Very interesting wine list but at a certain price"
We are staying at the hotel Amari and we decided to have dinner there. Beside the price which is in relation with the hotel the food was excellent. I took the Thomahawk steak with a friend and it was excellent. Kids tooks pizza and also...More
Food is very good, Good environment and good service. I definitely highly recommend this restaurant. (Unfortunately noisy guests 8pax was behind my table. We been forced to listen their conversations.... so annoying....)
Great food . Simply the best in Phuket . Tasty Italian. The service was slow but didn’t matter much as it was a great atmosphere. Highly recommended
Joined this Restaurants 3 times during our Stay in fabulous Amari Resort. From Pumpkin Soup via Cesar salad to Gnocchi Gorgonzola or the penne has been always very tasty together with very Friendly staff. Kids menu were always big portions and we parents were glad...More
Excellent restaurant, especially for those who are gluten free! Brilliant service and a very picturesque location.
"Best experience we have had at a restaurant in Thailand!
I booked a reservation here for my girlfriends birthday, and they went above and beyond to make her night even more special.
My girlfriend is Gluten, Dairy, and Corn free, and the chef personally came...More"
"I just proposed to my gf at La Gritta restaurant with a wonderful view and unforgettable exp.
The staffs are very helpful & responsive and helped me in organizing everything in advance.
All servers, especially Mr., A Nit provided outstanding services and kept my surprises...More"
"The restaurant is located in the Amari Hotel Phuket.
Is is rated as one of 10 best in the area and it worth it.
Perfect service, warm atmosphere on the terrace facing the bay.
They offer great Italian dishes with slight Thai touch...
I ordered...More"
Such a beautiful place with an amazing ocean view. The food is delicious. Our server Rattana was super nice and very accommodating. I wish they had more gin options. It would go well with the view.
The food was extremely good and the view was amazing! Our server was amazing and made us feel like home! Make sure to ask for Rattana she's amazing and very friendly! She even understood some Filipino(our language) which was great!
We had a pleasant meal in La Gritta. The risotto, pizza and the cocktail drinks were amazing! We also met Rattana. She is very accommodating and friendly. We would definitely go back here!
Went for an early dinner and was able to sit outside overlooking the ocean and city. The cocktails were good and strong. My husband was craving red wine and was happy with their wine list. The bruschetta was fresh. I had the pasta carbonara and...More
"We turned up without a reservation on a busy night and were told we would have to wait approximately an hour. Having read previous reviews we were happy to wait, however we never could have expected the experience to come.
Firstly we were served the...More"
Very happy to have chosen here for our last night in Phuket; perched on the bay-edge looking back over the arc of patong beach, the food didn't disappoint - carpaccio, mushroom soup, cacciola (seafood stew) were all excellent.
We had an amazing night at La Gritta celebrating our sons 21st birthday. The staff were amazing and went above and beyond to make everything super special for the birthday boy and our family. We had a personal visit from the hotel manager Richard and...More
The restaurants setting was absolutely stunning and as you were taken to your seat by one of the lovely staff you were welcomed with a warm basket of bread. The menu was extensive and well thought out. Our pastas were some of the best we...More
We arranged a hens night dinner here for 23 women. Staff were very helpful and accommodating. Gorgeous view from the restaurant. Food was ok, we had a set menu. Maybe our sellection wasn’t the most appropriate one. Would highly recommend a dinner here for couples...More
"Went to the La Gritta for a late snack and sat almost on the shore of the water.
Great atmosphere and great food, but the view takes it all.
Definitely a place to go"
"Wow, the view is amazing. Definitely, go for the sunset. The food is also very good however very pricey. My mother and I went to celebrate the end of our vacation and it was good!
The waitstaff was very nice and accommodating. They attended to...More"
The view is incredible, the food is also very tasty and the service by the staff was impeccable. They kept checking on us to ensure that everything was alright and even helped us snapped a group photo. Not many people know about this hidden gem...More
Sit at the waters edge with gently splashing waves on the rocks below and enjoy an excellent meal with dedicated service.
We arrived without a reservation and was advised that it would be an hour wait, which we were happy with, we ordered 2 Naranja colada's which were perfect. This combined with the breathtaking views and only a 20 minute wait whilst speaking to Pierre-André made...More
La Gritta restaurant is a wonderful dining experience. Idyllic location overlooking the beach, superb food, friendly professional service, good value for a top class establishment.
After a few years tried this restaurant again and was suitably impressed.Quality and class in a world class setting literally on the beach.It was a birthday celebration and the manager and staff went out of their way to make the evening memorable...supplied a cake,free limoncello...More
We visited for evening meal last week. The views are superb, service is top notch and the food is delightful. My wife and I shared the Tomahawk Steak and it was cooked to perfection. We also had a number of side dishes and a chocolate...More
We were staying in the hotel and were so looking forward to dinner here. We arrived just as the sun was setting having prebooked earlier in the day. We were seated quite far back into the restaurant and so asked if we could have a...More
We are from NY and are very particular with Italian food. We stayed at the Amari, and decided to eat at La Gritta for dinner one night. It was a great choice. The service was excellent, they were attentive and very friendly. The drinks were...More
Cannot fault the service was amazing and food just the same as that! Would visit again 10/10 especially for couples!! And great views also!!
We have just returned from the Amari and ate here 3 times while staying. The food service and view is incredible and you would struggle to find a better Italian in Phuket. A good selection of dishes with daily specials and a menu to suit...More
"Fantastic Restaurant in the most stunning location you can imagine. Worth making a special trip to try the wonderful cuisine from Patrizia. Try the Pachari all Vodca. Wonderful
John"
"Great menu, first class service and first class view.
Our meals on both occasions were excellent. A pizza (the size of a table) and a delicious bolognaise when we arrived on the first evening. A few nights later we had the seafood platter for two...More"
"I booked La Gritta for my partners birthday and requested a seat on the front decking with the best possible view
When we got there the staff were very friendly and took us to our table which could not have been better
They also gave...More"
"My Now Fiancé, proposed that morning then he planned La Gritta for a celebration Dinner.
Pasta was the best! I had the black truffle seafood, so delicious and very filling.
Cocktails were decently priced and very tasty.
Highly recommend, will rave to everyone I know...More"
We went there with my bf and the first thing we thought was that the place was beautiful. The staff very helpful. They really try to do the best. The service was ok and food ok. Not bad, not something special. We paid 85€ for...More
The food is quite expensive but the food is quite a big portion. Could hardly finished it.Baccala forno cod fish is 890thb. The view is superb especially when you visit during sunset. They actually did a little decoration for us after I made reservation and...More
We told them that we are celebrating birthday when we made the order. When we came in the restaurant for dinner the had a table set with a sea view and light. It was very welcoming and nice, however the hostess told us that for...More
Just heard about Ameri. And I booking at Lagritta Restaurant Ae manager and Nong and the guy name Sanit they are very warm welcome good attention and always take care I feel like a m very VIP guest sure I will come back here again...More
My girlfriend and I decided to dish out a bit as it was one of our last nights in Phuket, and I had read excellent reviews of La Gritta online. The service overall was excellent, and the waiters were very well trained and attentive. They...More
"After much online research and advice from our butler at the Keemala, we decided to they La Gritta on the third night. I think we saved the best for last.
La Gritta is perched over a rocky beach overlooking the sea. It is in the...More"
We stayed at Amari Hotel and ate at La Gritta several times. All the food at this restaurant was lovely and cooked to perfection. The staff are also excellent. Sittichai was always very polite and helpful. Highly recommend.
We stayed at Amari Hotel and ate at La Gritta several times. All the food at this restaurant are up to the highest standards of Italian cousine. The chef of restaurant is Italian and greets customers herself in Italian. While at restaurant we had a...More
directly on Patong's waterfront in Amari hotel. we were greeted by the chef while eating which was a professional gesture! we shared 2 rounds of caprese salad, 2 large pizzas and seafood sphagetti which was DELICIOUS (we were a group of 4). just avoid the...More
I personally loved the place and the team that run it , food was great and the people who serve the food were friendly and charming , the location at Amari Phuket hotel is romantic , spoil your loved one with dinner there.
Great ambience, quick service, amazing outlook. Well priced for what is offered. Ideal for romantic dinner or just a fun family night.
If you like to eat Italian style on a high class with a little bit of Thai Spyces you are right here. Eating at at it's best. But please ask the Chef Patrizia what she suggestes to you and be surprised what she will serve...More
We ate here on a Saturday evening for a special occasion and we were treated to absolutely delicious food, service and ambience. The twinkling lights of Patong provided a stunning backdrop. We shared a antipasto platter for entree which came with beautiful fresh burrata (buffalo...More
We shared a delicious seafood platte, had a few drinks which were fantastic, and had the tiramisu for desert. During our dining we could enjoy the amazing view, being seated almost on the beach. The chef and hotel manager came out during our dinner to...More
The restaurant is beautiful and the sea view is very romantic in the evening. We were also very impressed by the very friendly/proffessional staff and the quality of the wines. The food was beautifully presented as well. However the two main dishes were very dissapointing....More
Me and my partner decided we need a nice night with a pretty view in Patong, before we left home. The website said to call and book in advance, which we thought was a good sign as they might be busy. Our goal was to...More
3 friends, amazing view we chose to have a dinner here, we selected aperitivo and main, the cocktail’s was full of water and nothing of taste(and they wrong the making) but after this pass to the carpaccio a really little slice of meat whit rucola...More
Here we are again this is real authentic Italian Cuisine Fantastic setting overlooking Patong Bay . Staff are Amazingly friendly and very helpful another nice Touch is that the Chef comes to the tables. Real Nice Treat and you don’t Have to leave the Superb...More
We stayed at Amari Resort. Did not know much about the restaurant. But as it was Italian restaurant we booked it. We were really happy to get the booking as it was holiday season and restaurants are fully booked. We got the best table by...More
Had a lovely meal for my partners birthday here on 5th January 2018. Everything was great from the moment we were greeted. Beautiful outside setting with views of the sea and Phuket, the staff were lovely and the food was amazing! It is quite on...More
We chose this restaurant for a birthday celebration during our stay in Patong. We were a group of 13 who came with high expectations because of good reviews. We were disappointed with the service because it took too long for us to get served. When...More
We called the restaurant to reserve a table and were told they were full a few times before we finally managed to get a table. So, we had high expectations. The dinner turned out to be very disappointing. The waitress got our order correct but...More
"The view is stunning & we were greeted by the chef once we were seated. All our meals were delicious & staff were accommodating.
Outstanding food & service !!!"
La Gritta is part of Amari hotel. Restaurant is downstairs by seaside in two levels. We had difficulties getting here with baby pram as there were no elevators for last part of trek downstairs. There is one elevator to downstairs, but to reach restaurant one...More
"The setting was beautiful against the sea. Very lively place to celebrate any occasion. The service was excellent. They made a special arrangement for birthday cake and also presented a bouquet of flowers to the birthday girl at no cost!
Roongsak and his staff obliged...More"
The food itself was delicious but the serving sizes are way too big. Staff should advise on the size, felt like we were ripped off as we asked the waiter about the size and he told us that even though we were two people and...More
We requested a table by the sea, "weather was in our favor", under the stars we were treated with excellent food and wine. At the end of dinner, the Chef came to greet us and wanted some feedback on what could be improved (La Gritta...More
Came here to celebrate my girlfriends birthday. I had booked a table 4 days in advance and asked if they could help make the evening extra special. When we arrived they had reserved the best table for us by the corner with a fantastic view....More
"We were 2 couples, arrived at 22:00 sharp.
We ordered a bottle of white wine (a chardonnay) and some soda water. We ordered the food, 1 risotto, 2 pizzas , one salmon tartare, squid ink fettucini and a seafood salad.
An hour later, ONE pizza...More"
Unfortunately very poor experience this evening at La Gritta as we were looking forward to the experience following the reviews on TA as we travelled from the far side of Patong especially for it. My partner ordered the prawns for starter and she only received...More
Really good pizza margarita & pasta's. The dough is backed Italien style and crunchy. The noodles are well done "all dente". Visited this restaurant 3 times. The meat like "prociutto" is NOT Italian style, so I can't recommend it. The mozzarella is really Italien also...More
The pizzas we ordered came quickly and were really tasty, the service was good and the staff were all very friendly
We really enjoyed our meal at OSOT. The staff were friendly, the restaurant was comfortable and the range of food on offer was great. The pizzas were delicious - highly recommended.
"First time visiting Phuket town... After 2 weeks of being in Thailand. Fancied something other than Thai food! I'm half italian and decided to visit otos due to the good reviews and ratings of the restaurant...
The food: amazing. Honestly. I am vegan and my...More"
Saw this place many times but never had a chance to visit until yesterday as they don’t open before 2pm. This place has the best pizza that you ever find in Thailand. Very light and delicious. Foods were great with a very reasonable price. Family...More
Biggest and tastiest garden salad that I have ever ordered. Most of the ingredients were organic which just added to the flavour! The hand and mushroom pizza was delicious. Lovely thin crispy base. Lots of flavour. The lime tea over ice cubes was extraordinary. Expected...More
We had visited Monkey Hill and walked to this restaurant afterwards. It sells soft drinks, wine and beer plus hot drinks. On the menu is pizza and pasta. Suits us as we are a family of five fussy vegetarians travelling ( slowly) around the globe....More
Came here after TripAdvisor's advice). Interesting place, good iced tea and pizza. The host came to us and said, that 80% of products come from the royal project. Don't have a clue, what this means, but sounds persuasively)
First of all let's start saying this place is really nice, conveniently located in the centre of Phuket town, it has its charm. The workers all spoke English and were very friendly. We originally wanted to have Burgers or meat as we saw lovely photos...More
Found this place by google as Vermicelli or Noodle's preference. So the order was not Pizza. Just Spaghetti and some appetizer. And there is no other word to explain my first bite except "Wow!!!!" This is one of perfect and properly Spaghetti that I have...More
We ordered the fries and bbq chicken pizza. Fries were a small portion but the pizza was very satisfying.
"This place has nice decor but not a lot of seating. The owner?/manager? Was still super nice and took our name and told us to come back in 20 minutes. We walked around for a bit and it was perfect.
Food was great. Nice thin,...More"
Fresh ingredients, full of flavor! The staff is super nice and the service is quick. Plus, it's a small restaurant with a great ambience!
Now I’m a bit biased as I’m from Jersey/NYC area and have some of the best Italian food in the world. So this place was pretty good in comparison. The pasta was actually cooked aldente and sauce was very good. Salad was delicious and so...More
We ordered the Born in the USA pizza. It was delicious. Chang beer was ice cold served with frosted cold glasses. Service was excellent. The restaurant was spotless and cooled with air conditioning. A cellar type atmosphere. Highly recommend this place.
Went there because it was 10 o clock and everything else was closed and we were pleasantly surprised! The food was good the ingredients fresh and the staff very friendly!
"After 2 weeks in Thailand this was without a doubt one of the best meals we had, and a welcome change from Thai food.
The bruschetta, chicken Caesar salad, pizza, and lasagna were all fantastic. Nice welcoming environment, friendly staff and owner, make this a...More"
Beyond delicious. If you're looking for a break from Thai food this is your place! My reccos are the vegetarian Pizza, garden salad with tasty house made dressing, and four cheese pene pasta. Everything was fresh, seasoned perfectly and prepared to perfection.
I wish I had a picture for this, but that’s how good it was. We ordered the vegetariana pizza, Quattro formaggi pasta and the garden salad and let me tell you something it was DELICIOUS! The salad dressing on point super super fresh greens, the...More
A must if you're staying in Phuket Town. We went a few days in a row. First time had the pepperoni pizza: pepperoni had excellent flavor and used fresh mozzarella cheese. Second time had spaghetti bolognese: totally authentic and tasted incredible. The spaghetti carbonara was...More
Very fresh ingredients at this restaurant. Had a Ceasar salad with tasty crisp Romaine and choice of bacon, chicken or plain. 12" pizza lots of selections for less than $11 for both.
"My husband and I dined at Osot yesterday evening.
We ordered a beer, a glass of house red; the wine was good for just 90 baht, a 4 cheese pizza and a chicken caesar salad.
The pizza tasted fresh. The base was very thin and...More"
"Spaghetti with smoked ham was very good. The best I have ever tasted.
Spaghetti was just perfectly done. Not overboiled."
Had the most amazing bruschetta and pizzas. The host was really welcoming and even brought me out extra sriracha with my pizza as I like things spicy. Will visit again later in the year when we travel back through Thailand.
"I‘ve been to Phuket with two friends on an island hopping trip. This was already the end of our journey, so after 3 weeks of thai food, we decided to go for some italian food.
Right around the corner of our hotel in Old Town...More"
We are really glad we visited this place! Great and friendly service and the food was delicious and for a reasonable price. It was a good choice when you're fancying a night off authentic Thai food.
"Best pizza we’ve had after one month traveling in Southeast Asia. If youre looking for thin crust, woodfired pizza with fresh ingredients, this is the place for you.
Besides the food, Taam the owner, was extremely welcoming and passionate about providing a good experience."
"Stayed in Phuket for a football tournament and took my son out to celebrate scoring a cracking goal.
We wondered around old town and liked the look of this place so just popped in - so glad we did.
The pizza will chart as some...More"
Went to Osto for some takeaway pizzas, the owner was incredibly nice considering we got there early and runs a cool, slick operation. The pizzas were good but slightly off being 'really' good, nevertheless we made short work of them and would recommend them if...More
Staff, decor and most important food - all great! To be fair I had tastier carbonara here than in Rome. Really really good food and prices aren't bad at all pastas under 200 B pizza a little bit over. If you want a brake from...More
"Lovely little restaurant with a good selection of pizza and pasta as well as salads and appetisers.
Bruschetta, 2x pizzas, beer and a soft drink came to 430 baht."
"Great location, great food - run by a lovely thai family.
And really best thin crust pizza ever. Watch out their blackboard for specials. Had some juicy BBQ ribs.
Definitely worth a visit and we will be back"
Visited on the 14th oct 2017 , lovely meal in a small friendly environment , food was really nice and we had a variety of meals from ribs , lasagne , pasta and pizza , all were lovely , at the end of the evening...More
"You would happy to be served this food in Rome. Incredible pizzas and pastas. We ate here three times during our trip, our only regret is that we didn't find the place sooner and try more of their food!
It's also really cheap around 100-150...More"
Great pasta , I took the arrabiata and was great . The owners are extremely nice and prices are very cheap
Love their four cheese pizza and their pasta. The atmosphere is simple but nice. Wine is a good price and good.
"Everything was perfect.
Restaurant mood, taste & service !!
Especially, pizza was awesome.
If someone find Italian pizza, i would like to recommend this restaurant.
Thx u!!"
Was quite surprised at the quality of the pizzas. Somewhat different to what we normally have. Thin base which reminded me of Lebanese bread. The topping was very nice and of good quality. The wine was australian, red was okay though the white less enjoyable....More
A nice cosy place, the chicken barbaque pizza and bruchetta were amazing, and I highly recommend this place
Very tasty Italian food , cool simple decorating. We ordered pasta and pizza and salad all tasted so good and fresh
"Good pizza and tasty spaghetti carbonara with smoked bacon, fesh ingredients and local products.
Service can be improved, but people are friendly.
We will be back!"
Nice pizzas, good decor and very clean! Nice change from Thai food, the pizzas are delicious and very fresh. Worth it if you're in the area and reasonably priced.
Maybe not the best place for pizza in Phuket but certainly in the top handful. Very fresh ingredients but a question mark over the bases. Nothing wrong but like most in Thailand not a strong point. Very good service as per usual. Will return.
Excellent restaurant with very good ribs and the staff were very attentive, I've had better ribs however these were good and the best I've had recently. My girlfriend had the pizza which was also very good, would definitely recommend.
"The pizza was nice and fresh, as were the ingredients used.
The owners English was excellent and he helped us get our bearings as we had just arrived in town."
We must have been there on a bad day or time of day, we looked at trip advisor it stated opening times on a Sunday as 14:00 we got there it was closed, telephoned them and they advised opening at 16:00 hrs I emailed the...More
"I was really impressed by this place, because the staff is super-duper friendly!!
The food is great, the pizza crispy and the salad fresh!
Unfortunately they don't accept credit-cards :-((
I was so impressed at my first visit there, that we decided to go there...More"
"Back to OSOT for another visit. Greeted with the usual friendly welcoming smile. I always enjoy the service & food here.
Hoggsfather Chicago style spare ribs are a recent addition to the menu. A half rack together with quality fries & spicy coleslaw. A great...More"
We went to this restaurant twice. Loved the pizza. Great price for great quality food. Staff were very friendly and they remembered us on her return visit.
After a really bad experience on Phi Phi Island, we had to make a pause with the thaï food. This place was exactly what we needed <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0082> pizzas and pastas are delicious and the prices are more than OK. Very clean place, nice staff and...More
Had the marinara pizza which was absolutely delicious! Cool place with friendly and attentive staff. Food was reasonably priced. Will return!
The food here was on point so tasty. The wine too was very great and staff was very nice. The price was perfect compared to the quality I got. Recommend this place
The food is great and the price is so so. Still worth the price. The variety of food is good too. Would like to come back again
Very very good food. A bit quiet which was a shame as food lovely. Insudtrial style decor which you would pay alot for in London. Interesting medical items in display cabinet. Both said one of the best pizzas ever eaten. Mild so you can add...More
"A short stop for lunch during our tour of the island.
Pizza was amazing, the best Italian pizza in Phuket. We are an Italian couple and we can say that the pizza was like the real Italian one!
The appetiser (bruschetta) was really nice and...More"
"Found this place on TripAdvisor and we were delighted with it. We ordered chicken wings, chips, spinach with cheese and a pizza with 2 glasses of wine.
Staff were all very friendly, even when the chief came out with the food he recommended a sauce...More"
"We stumbled upon this place one night while out searching for a place to eat. The pizza is one of the best we had ever had! The place has a really nice relaxed atmosphere and very friendly staff.
We enjoyed it so much we went...More"
Nice place! We had prosciutto fungi pizza, it was very nice: thin crust, eight slices and good price. The staff was very helpful and friendly. They offer free Wi-Fi. We paid 300 THB for the whole meal including beverages.
Excellent Italian style thin base pizza. We have travelled extensively around Italy and this pizza is really authentic. Nice friendly staff with excellent English. Glasses of wine are 90b and beers 60b. A very pleasant experience, highly recommended.
We found this place on tripadvisor and are so glad we did! Food, service and atmosphere were all amazing! Will defo be returning before we go home!
After travelling around Asia for the last 4 months and being let down by a number of establishments claiming to produce 'Italaian pizza', this place is the closest we have come to the real thing!! Thin and crispy base with real Italian flavours! Don't hesitate...More
"Nice place, calm, very friendly staff, and good products. Pizza are very nice, salads too, and we have a good choice of products.
But the bad point is that there is no desserts.
I recommend this restaurant if you want to eat a good and...More"
I have zero patience for 'businesses' that aren't open when their schedule says they are. Went out of my way to go here and the place was dark and locked up, though according to the sign on the door, they should have opened thirty minutes...More
Had a great meal here. Excellent pizza, friendly efficient service and reasonable prices! Definitely recommend!!
We had spaghetti, garlic bread and a drink. The restaurant appears to be family owned and run. The food was great and the service was excellent. Highly recommended.
But pretty good. Pricing about right for Phuket Town but a little relative to the west coast. Very good service and the food is good but the pizza's not at the level of the best of Phuket (but still completely acceptable). Friendly and attentive service...More
"After walking round the Sunday market in Phuket we fancied a bite to eat and whilst walking back to our car we stumbled across Osot..
It's only a small place but really quite cool, the menu is simple but very good quality,
The service was...More"
"We are in a long journey in Asia, we love asian food but it's so different to the western food that you start to missing it.
We arrived to Osot and we enter because we love the decoration of the place and because said pizza...More"
Very nice pizza and one of the best pasta I ever have, the 5 cheese pasta is a must try for cheese lover. Foods were excellent and the staff was very nice as well.
A very nice Italian restaurant by chef Kanin, Premium and rich taste good for couple, family, friend. It is nearby Phuket Town. I order smoked salmon to keep my low carb my bf order four cheese pizza actually all pizza are nice as you like...More
We had the margerita pizza, aloha chicken, lasagna, and the spaghetti with bacon and chili. All were absolutely delicious! The chef came out to check on us which always makes for a great experience :)
"One of the best pizzas I've ever eaten with high quality ingredients!
Super delicious, can only recommend this place."
Very nice place in Phuket town where it is difficult to find a good place to eat. Very nice pizzas and pastas. The mozarella was fantastic. I recomend it !
We had dinner at Osot trying to have a break from the recent thai food immersion we were in. Drinks were good, the starter baked spinach with cheese was delicious and so the pizzas. Nice atmosphere and very friendly staff. Highly recommended!
Yes! We ordered seafood pizza, it is the most high cost pizza on that restaurant so we're expecting a lot for this pizza then when it served it is just like ordinary homemade thin crust pizza that we easy to make. Nothing new.... we're not...More
Just finished eating at Osot. Awesome pasta with great flavours and no msg. Quick service. They serve a variety of Italian dishes. Definitely coming back.
"Industrial decor, friendly attentive chef who came out personally to check we were satisfied. Yes wewere! Good wine too!
We found here ambiance and attention to detail in the city jungle at a very reasonable price."
We had cheesy garlic bread and chips both were extra fresh and the latte was above average. Chilled place with cool decor and music playing in the background
"We chose to go here for dinner having arrived into Phuket town pretty late. We had a craving for pizza and the reviews seemed pretty to us.
Unfortunately when we arrived they had run out of pizza dough and thus we had to settle on...More"
"The best pizza I've had this trip! Good service, good prices and delicious food. We absolutely reccomend this place.
Thus, it was the only restaurant in Phuket where the owner actually gave us a smile ;)"
Pizza place ...., but a cool place. Cool music, nice furniture . Floor is stain cement. Art work is very interesting f and staff are friendly with a smile . The food is great and has a great look to it .
Beautiful food, lovely staff, very clean (not always the case in Thailand!); really enjoyed our visit here! Worth a visit if you are craving pizza!
"3 of us visited here early evening.
The man who serve the food and drink is nice and work well.
Especially he pours the beer very well.
The food is good and reasonably priced.
Many customers come right after someone left.
We think this restaurants...More"
I am a bit over spiced by Thai food though I like it. So I wanted to try something else then I found OSTO Italian restaurant near my hotel. The seafood pasta was great in aldente I really enjoyed it!
A neatly deco cafe & pizzeria. A few appetizer and various pizza to choose from. Baked spinach is very tasty and pizza is surprisingly delicious with thin crust and nice topping. Chatting with the friendly owner, we found out that every weekend they have special...More
After a week or two of eating Thai food it's nice to have a break and eat some European food and OSOT lives up to the quality of food you would expect in a good Italian restaurant. The place is clean and the staff are...More
"Great pasta and bruchetta here. The pizzas also looked amazing.
The staff were very friendly and clearly passionate about their food. I even overheard them giving a discount to another group because they would need to use another type of cheese on one of the...More"
This place is a beautiful home made pizza joint. Looks like it's owned by a Thai family, you'd think its owned by an Italian family. Fresh ingredients with the pizza and hand made pizza bases. The pasta, though packet pasta, which they tell you. The...More
Had entree pizza and beer very friendly staff nice atmosphere pleasant dining experience great people coming off the street to enjoy
"I went in this restaurant in Phuket city for 2 times and everytime the food was very very good! The chef is not Italian, but he learned very well how to cook Italian food!
Very good the front staff as well!"
Visited this place after checking out the weekend night markets in old Phuket town. Enjoyed the bbq chicken pizza. Amazing. My wife enjoyed the smoke salmon salad. These with 3 drinks only cost $23 aud. The only downside is that they don't offer gluten free...More
Beautiful restaurant, very nice staff, good ambiance AND the most delicious pizza that we ate in Phuket! You must go at this restaurant :)
Atmosphere was great and the staff were really nice and friendly. Pizza was good too. We went for the bbq chicken pizza, which was tasty. It was large so we shared one between us. Also saw that you could take your left overs home if...More
I have just dined here with my husband and two children - we loved it. After spending two months in south-east Asia, we were hanging out for a great pizza - and we found it here. The dough is thin and crispy (just how I...More
Delicious pizza with a hosted , friendly, helpful owner !! Toasted and thin base like italiano style... I recommend!
We found it by accident but happy we stopped in. Pizza was good beer cold. No desserts though. Prices are reasonable and we enjoyed the thin crust pizza.
I've always been to this place and it never fails to satisfy me. The first time we went there the chef even went out of the kitchen to talk to us to make sure everything is perfectly fine. The pasta taste very good and authentic...More
I simply fell in love with the crust here. It's thin and so crispy. The topping ingredients were also very fresh, especially the cheese which is of its high quality. Besides, salad was lovely. The ambience inside the restaurant was relaxing. Thank you, OSOT for...More
"We found this place while browsing TA for some western food and decided to give it a try on our last day in Phuket Town.
The food was a delight, the staff was friendly and spoke English (a BIG plus). The food was cheap and...More"
We visited OSOT and we got the best pizza possible! It was so delicious and freshly made. For such a cheap price, this restaurant is a must when in Phuket, best place we have eaten whilst here!
"The best place to eat when you want time out from Thai food. The tuna steak was the best ever especially with peppercorn and mushroom sauce and the best ever mash!!
Ribs were tender with an amazing sauce and the service was impeccable, could not...More"
Grill Bill is a amazing cozy place with a warm atmosphere.The food is amazing big portions and grilled to perfection.The amazing staff is very very friendly and helpful.Really the best BBQ and dining restaurant in town!
"After seeing that Grill Bill was the number one resturant in Kamala, we knew that we needed to check it out. Located on a pretty quite road, it was a good find.
We were greeting by friendly staff and seated outside. The tables also had...More"
3 persons ordered Angus Beef steak 800 baht each. Its my first time juicy and delicious steak in Thailand. NOT hard such as tire, NOT smelly. Fabulous happy dinner thank you ...
Very fast and friendly service, tasty BBQ, but western prices. International guests, restrooms behind the kitchen.
Couldn't wait to try Grill Bill's after seeing the great reviews and it definitely lived up to its great reputation. Thank you very much we hope to come again soon
Went for dinner tonight, there were 3 couples, the waitresses are very attentive and our meals were delivered very fast all arrived together.... magnificent meals cold beers will be back at least one more time before we leave. Did I say prices were very reasonable.
"My wife and two kids aged 5 & 7 and I, absolutely loved this place.
A smallish restaurant hidden off the main road, Grill Bill is all about the grill with chicken, beef & fish featured on the menu but also offers a range of...More"
Without doubt a must visit if you are in the area. Food is amazing , staff are extremely helpful . If you are after some really good food I cannot rate this place enough ..... unlike the hard rock Phuket ...... avoid avoid avoid
"My first visit to Thailand and I found this great place to enjoy dinner.
I tried it the first night I was in town, I got the half rib dinner, and it was very filling.
The ribs were tender and flavorful. (I smoke my own...More"
This place was so good! Amazing ribs, my husband got the burger and it was huge, garlic bread very good. The portions are big so very fulfilling. This place is right down from Kamala beach. It’s a small restaurant but they take reservations. I recommend...More
a cosy place with friendly and professional staff. excellent steaks, delicious döner-kebab and big servings!
Just visited this place for the first time family of 5 . Everyone filled up and very happy with their meals , staff extremely helpful and cheery will definitely be visiting again. The ribs are to die for .
All these good reviews are because of the big portions. Although, the quality is not good. I am a fan of ribs but in this restaurant the ribs are full of fat! The salad with the chicken was nothing special. According to the quality of...More
Awsome bbq, lots of food for the money, make sure to reserv a table or come in early, place is buzzing with diners. Small but good place to eat, find it and enjoy it!
I ve been there with a group of friends and we were so happy that they could fit us in cos ive heard that Grill Bill is always fully booked.It was such a great meal and great experience for all of us,their service is awesome...More
"I love the ribs, the service is excellent, and they serve the best Spiced Mojito.
Reasonable prices and nice atmosphere."
Although I knew we should have had a reservation, we showed up anyway. Luckily, we only had to wait 30 minutes for a place to sit. We had a cheeseburger and baked pasta. The food was hot and tasty. Sunny was a good host, even...More
"Being in the hospitality industry for over 10 years, I like to think I have some idea of how things work. AND THIS PLACE WORKS.
Bookings are essential as I found out. It’s very very rare you can just rock up and get a table,...More"
I come here every year and I am constantly surprised. The food and menu continues to impress. Amazing staff and hospitality. If you haven't had bbq charcoal your in for a treat.
We visited Grill Bill Last night and it was really awesome! Food, location, staff and owner were very friendly and i recommend you a visit at this restaurant. You won‘t be disappointed!!!
Great food, great service. Price was a little bit high, but we didn’t mind it. Kids liked the food and so did the adults too.
Literally is just American style food.... if that's what your after then its a great place to eat. Food was good and fresh tasting.
"<U+0421><U+0438><U+043B><U+044C><U+043D><U+043E><U+0435> <U+0438><U+043D><U+0444><U+0435><U+043A><U+0446><U+0438><U+043E><U+043D><U+043D><U+043E><U+0435> <U+043E><U+0442><U+0440><U+0430><U+0432><U+043B><U+0435><U+043D><U+0438><U+0435>!!!
Hello, thank you very much for the spoiled rest. The day before yesterday came to your restaurant (3 people) and ordered three burgers. 2 with beef and one for me with chicken. On this day, I ate nothing more and did not...More"
We had a very tasteless double cheese burger and a dry, thai-oil covered barbecue chicken. Portions were big for sure but quality was only average.
Nice rastuarant with lovley food and service! The crew gives the littel exstra to make it a complet and nice meal and experience!
If you love bad food, this is not the place for you! If you enjoy a good BBQ from a real grill in a lovely atmosphere, you found the top spot in Phuket. Be hungry when you go there. Don’t forget that lots of guests...More
Food was far to big of portions, like ridiculously big. Ordered a whole kebab and it came out as tasteless kebab meat in two thick plate sized pitas. The starter came out and it was enough to feed the 5000. I’m all for big portions...More
"I would like to start by saying that the food was great and the service was excellent!
Sadly our experience ended badly and that's why i gave 1 star:
When we finished our dinner and asked for the check we wanted to pay with card...More"
We went there and we had a good dinner. The service was excellent. But don’t go if you don’t have bhat. They don’t accept credit-card, american or australian dollars or euros. You must go to the nearest ATM to take out money. When you book...More
Even thought this restaurant is marketing homemade burgers and pizzas (which are ok), I think they have better Thaifood than in many places. So, worth to try also local dishes.
We both had barbecued chicken off the grill. Nice serving size with delicious salad and fried. If there longer, we would have returned. A bit on the pricey side but they offer what others do not.
It was down pouring outside but we still decided to make the 15 minute walk to the place since we had heard good things about it. And man, was it worth the walk in the rain. We were not aware that a reservation was needed...More
Thanks for an awesome visit and awesome food each time! We can’t wait to be back one day and try more menu items! Absolutely loved the place and the food was top notch!
"Grill bill best food, service speaks english and is legitimately funny.
Tasted 4 meals of my friends and all were delicious!"
I ordered a large portion of ribs, side vegetables and wine. The ribs tasted pretty good and the portions were huge. The only complaint I had was that the owner nudged me to order the side vegetables even though he should know that it’s already...More
"Checked this out on Trip Advisor and liked the look of the reviews so decided we’d give it a try.
I noticed on their Facebook page they don’t take online Facebook or email reservations and request you either get your hotel to make the booking...More"
I tried to order medium the “meat” but they are not able to cook like the guest ask, they said it’s not possible, after it’s arrived I understood why... They say it’s 100% beef, but it’s not true. They mix with soya meal. Very bad...More
Everything was amazing! Food was spot on. Giant portions. Great people working there! Highly recommend so glad we went. Will be going back again! Kill Bill drink was fantastic.
My girlfriend and I were both quite disappointed with our meals. I ordered a hamburger and she ordered a pasta dish. The hamburger was very dry, crumbly and tasteless and the bun was stale. The accompanying chips were so salty that I had to leave...More
We went here on our last night in Kamala after a week. We were tired of Thai food and this place was perfect. After a week of eating out, everyone felt this was the best place. The BBQ Ribs were great, grilled corn on the...More
"We had this place recommended once we got tired of the local cuisine - and it was very good indeed!
I heard you should make a reservation in advance, as they have limited seating."
"Saw it one tripadvisor and after 2 weeks of rice we loved a little meat!
Very friendly owner when arrived,offered us his table as me and my gf ordered a little bit to much food!
Ordered the ribs,whas really good,maybe a little to much fat...More"
Once again. Sunny, Bum and the team out did themselves. Try the Doner Kebeb. Best I have ever had.. Outstanding food and Fantastic hosts.Thank you guys..One happy customer.
You will love the food! It is not cheap to be a restaurant in Thailand but it is absolutely worth visiting. All the food was really tasty, fresh and service really good.
Great food! Nice mixed grill food and fantastic garlic bread. Please do reservation if possible. I did not have one but they were kind enough to squeeze me in before the next reservation.
"This is the perfect place if you are tired of thaifood. Really Great food and lovely staff.
There BBQ-ribs are made in heaven!"
I was inspired by excellent reviews and booked a table at Bill’s. To my great disappointment the chef’s salad was a disaster. There were no mozzarella, or olives or parmigiana cheese as it was stated on the menu. And my rib eye steak was unnaturally...More
We have been here every year and have never been disappointed. Great Food every time the Barbeque and the Italian dishes. This time I tried the chicken burritos and really -best in town. Go there
Great food...better bbq than our 5-star hotel... large portions, we overdid ourselves.. even had and made vegetarian options for my wife.. great staff and prices.. make sure you book in advance
"We were expecting better food for that price. The ribs were boring not tasty. And som of the meat were dry.
The chicken was good."
"Yummy food. Delicious.
Cooked very well. Good portion sizes. A bit pricy but worth it.
I got the baked pasta dish combo with lasagna and penne. It was so flavourful & hearty. My husband got the ribs which he loved. The tomato bruschetta to start...More"
Go to Grill Bill hungry and leave very much fed! Good quality and expertly grilled. Get there early for a table incase you haven’t booked - it’s not a large place with many tables.
Great and friendly staff with excellent service. The food is something extra and worth every penny<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
First of all, the food is OK, maybe in Thaistandard good, but for people from Europe it’s nothing special, it’s OK, nothing more. We ordered a wine carafe (0,5 liter 750 bath) of Montepulciano - a very good Italian wine, a half kebab in bread,...More
Friends that have visited said we must check this place out! And I tell you it did not disappoint. A last minute booking was accomodated and the service was super friendly. The owner was also very interactive with the guests making sure all our needs...More
"Tasty food, very good service.
Recommend ribs, steak and burgers. Garlic bread is fantastic.
Small restaurant with nice environment and fresh barbeque during eating."
"I was craving for some delicious BBQ spare rips... And the Grill Bill offers the finest Spare Rips I had in Thailand so far.
The service is superb, extremely friendly and the owner always has time to take care of his guests.
The food is...More"
Most definitely the best Skewer I have ever had! And look at all those sides. I hardly touched then! Very busy at time of visit and the staff never missed a beat. I highly advise booking as I seen a few people get turned away...More
This place was one of my favorites to dine at. The owners are extremely friendly and have good tastes. I think the one owner is German (as best as I could detect accent) and this convinced me to order the Schnitzel. It was the best...More
Just ate here, and I had a half ribs my partner had pork steaks, the ribs were very good, but I didn’t realise they came with no sides, you have to order sides as an extra, so I ordered a baked potato after my ribs...More
We had a fantastic and entertaining dinner here with a group of about 8 people. Sunny and his wonderful staff dished up a wicked BBQ meal that was fresh, tasty great cuts and most importantly cooked to perfection. Once our meals were ordered the food...More
Another trip to Kamala Phuket and another trip to Grill Bill and as always the food is fantastic big big portions great atmosphere great staff great owners booked my table for tomorrow already
Sat in the restaurant as I type this. Really nice food, nice upbeat atmosphere and friendly efficient staff. Definitely recommend. Will be back.
Good service, nice facilities, but the food is a disapointment... I had had the burger, so did my friend, the meet was good but when everything else on the burger is half-good the dinner is ruined. Sure it's tasty but for the price (almost 400...More
Walked in with a warm greeting from the entire staff. And it continued the entire meal. Kind and courteous staff. And the food was excellent. Great meal. Worth the visit. Will come back again.
This is my second time here and you can't find better food. And the staff is on spot with the service! I would come back here over and over. Do not miss this!!!! Make reservations to be sure you get a table!!!!
My friend raved about this place and I wasn't disappointed! My perception of the hamburger was changed forever. The atmosphere is hands down well above par and I felt like family. The owners superb and some of the most hospitable I've ever met. Thanks to...More
Very good service and excellent food don’t miss the opportunity of this excellent restaurant . The owner takes pride in his restaurant that shows in his food and service
The place looks nice and has it own special Kill Bill feeling. Service is pretty good. It was nice to have complimentary garlic bread as starters. Too bad our spaghetti carbonara for was cold when you got it. We had a little mix up with...More
Was really nice, fantastic staff, as in end November we only Aussies here, rest Europe ordered mixed pork grill and rib eye Chargrilled...partner loved the rib eye, my mixed was great with chargrilled veggies but the sausages over her are hotdogs...if u want to be...More
We had a great dinner here. Food here is nore expensive than the local Thai food but is worth it if you want something a bit different. Me and my girlfriend ordered a main to share and a side each and it was plenty of...More
"Was expecting a good standard of food. What do they say about expectation?
Garlic bread was dry.
Pork skewer there signature dish came raw. They were sent back for cooking
The ribs were without flavour and too fatty. Bbq sauce was offered
Jacket potatoe was...More"
We went for dinner and had not booked (will do the next time). We waited in the cafe bar across the road and in 10 minutes the table was ready. The food (we all had ribs) was unbelievable- so tender and tasty. Worth a visit-...More
Food and service was 10 our of 10. Liked the concept of it does what it says on the tin. That's why we left a tip. Would definitely recommend a visit.
"It was our first visit to Grill Bill last night and it won't be our last.
Great food, wonderful service in a top little restaurant in Kamala.
Every dish, as my partner would say scrumptious.
It was so good we booked again for later in...More"
Wow...sensational food, very reasonable prices and the hospitality is the best we found in Kamala... Sunny and his team were so friendly, warm, and made us feel so welcome! I could not recommend Grill Bill's highly enough - we will definitely be back again
We dropped in twice during our stay in Kamala. Once for an amazing assortment of grilled fare, the second for a couple of drinks on our last night in Thailand. Both times we were treated like long lost friends by Sunny, Bum and their amazing...More
Absolutely love this place. Myself and partner have been here 3 times and wish we could have gone every night. Best food we have had in Thailand and in NZ. 10 out of 10 would recommend to everyone!!
I stayed in Kamala for 4 nights recently and the 1st night i went to Grill Bill, The food was amazing, There were 4 of us and each had a different meal and each meal was impeccable, 1 word of warning the Mixed Grill for...More
"We visited for dinner - we went early and were able to get a table but would recommend you reserve a table as it is fairly small.
I had the bbq chicken which was great - huge serve - 2 full chicken breasts for 390...More"
"Cold and dry food, very expensive. When complain i was told to pay and leave.
I can not understand how this place can be nr 1 in Kamala."
I was lucky enough to get a table on short notice this last Friday when visiting Phuket for a day and was craving BBQ. Since I was just on the Island for one day and wanted to eat some meat before my overnight flight back...More
"A real niche restuarant in Phuket serving great bbq western food and cocktails...
Great culture amongst owners and the staff, that delivers warmth and ambiance.
Gritty western but beautiful fresh and smoky bbq food.
With a sense of high class eating;
In a contemporary atmosphere....More"
Went with family the other night. Steak sandwich was nice, very filling. Catered well for our children. Hygiene was poor. Staff came out of toilet without washing hands after trying to fix toilet with hands in cistern. Yuck!
Sometimes you just want a great meal in an intimate atmosphere where the staff is attentive without being "helicopters". If so this is the place. While it's located on the main road into the tourist section of Kamala it's in a quite section of that...More
If you are tired of Thai food, go here! Great food in generous portions, the staff also speak very good english. Friendly and good service. Will definately recomend this place.
This place was fantastic. The decor is excellently done and staff so friendly The food was fantastic. Our only disappointment was we only went the once. There was only an option for cash payment so be aware to bring with you.
We had an early tea there last night! The service was amazing, so friendly and kind. Great to have inside room with air conditioning for kids who aren't so good with the heat. We got few dishes to share between us including the ribs, BBQ...More
Just around the corner of our resort we found this cozy place, the people are very hospitable and the food is better than we could ever hope for, the spare ribs are their signature dish for a reason, superb!
If want BBQ spareribs i can recomend, very good, and good value for money, swift and kind service, they have a lot off bbq on the meny, you can choose if want aircond diner,or sit outside, overall great.
Fantastic little restaurant in Kamala Beach, the staff are super friendly, fast and efficient. Great Grill Bill theme. Bar is well stocked. Burgers are seasoned to perfection and delicious. Portions are generous and damn well hearty. We shared a full rack of ribs between two...More
A great dining experience. I love Salmon and never tried it on the BBQ before. It was amazing. The staff were very friendly and very observant. You didn't have to wait long to get ones attention. I had to try it a second time 4...More
If have watched Sunnys vlogs on youtube for a while now, & as we where going to be in the area. My wife & I paid a visit. Bum, Sunny & there staff were all very friendly. I had the bbq pork selection, Very well...More
"We had dinner here and the burger just stood out and that's when everything was already well executed. We had a large size and it came with 2 patties. The only thing missing is the pickle.
The mixed grill plate with the ribs was juicy...More"
"I visited Grill Bill before and it was great, but now it has been refreshed with an all weather outside area and water feature along with an even more awesome menu.
What's to say about the food, still the best... better. I dined several times...More"
Stopped here a few nights ago and the food was not only delicious but very reasonable. Portions are enormous so maybe plan on splitting a meal if you aren't starving. Also this restaurant does not have any Thai food so don't go there planning on...More
Before I left America, I went to Kansas City to get a bbq fix. I thought Thailand would be a bbq wasteland. That is far from reality. Grill bill's has some of the best ribs I have had. Huge slab of ribs. It was great...More
Went there after a good few weeks of Thai food. Had the ribs, corn and potato.... wow!!!! Great ribs, great food and you are spoilt while there - made to feel so special. Great hosting, a must to go to!
Second visit to this superb restaurant in kamala phuket. The food is really fantastic if you like meat and ribs.The portions are huge, look the pictures.The staff is incredibly friendly and the The boss is very funny who speaks several languages .A person who listens...More
"Great cheap restaurant with excellent Thai and Italian food.
This was one of our favorite restaurants during our 2 weeks visit. A must go if you are in the neighborhood."
I really enjoyed eating here and have been back many times. I have not eaten the Italian food, so I cannot comment but I understand they make all the pasta by hand in the kitchen. The Thai food is delicious - I would recommend the...More
"good food good price cold beer nice atmosphere .
We love Thai food but after a couple of weeks a nice pizza hit the spot."
This place has amazingly fresh and tasty Thai food! It was obvious from the first bite that the ingredients were very fresh. The portions were big, and with great presentation. Even the house red and white wine was very tasty! Also had Tiramisu for dessert...More
Meals are always good and service fast. Always happy with this place. Have tried both Thai and European menus
Visited in March for dinner. I ordered thai, my partner ordered ravioli in tomato sauce. The thai food was some of the best Ive ever had in Thailand. The ravioli was undercooked, raw if you will, the inside was cold. My partner ended up eating...More
We went to Kook after seeing the good reviews and were not disappointed. The food was relatively basic but good; I ordered two vegetable dishes which pretty much tasted the same, but were tasty nonetheless. It was quite early so not busy and we were...More
Can recommend this place. Very friendly staff, good thai food. Went there twice, both times delicious thai food! The italian food I didn't try.
Love the food here! Came here almost everyday. The servers and the owner are such nice people. Definitely recommend this place. Their thai and italian dishes are so good!
"It’s really family restaurant! Owners (Italian - Thai couple ) are very welcome and responsive. They met our wishes even before we asked. They are always there and ready to make your visit joyful and memorable.
Both Italian and Thai food are very delicious and...More"
Thai and Italian food . Very good . Clean . Cheerful . Prompt . All the things that are important . I often come here to eat and run .
Thank you Max and staff for many enjoyable meals...Totally recommend Kooks for consistently great meals and service. Our particular favorite is the brown rice...not easy to find...
Read the reviews and thought we heard very this a go. For starters, tempura prawns which were quite lovely with light batter and juicy prawns. Husband had red curry which was flavoursome and cheekily got. Good restaurant, good food choice and very reasonably priced.
The food was full of flavour and we tried other places in rawai but none came as close to giving the same tastes every time. Totally consistent every time. One of our favourite place and will keep going back. Very attentive staff
We have already eaten here twice. Food is great, we had both Italian sand thai dishes. Very clean. Very friendly. We are likely going again tonight.
Still maintains a high standard and is always full of people. Unfortunately it was a religious holiday on the 1st of March and no alcohol was able to be served. The local grilled fish was excellent .The service quick and efficient although the waitresses were...More
We visited Kook several times for dinner whilst staying in a nearby resort. The welcome, service and food were all excellent and very good value for money. Highly recommended
We came to this place because of Tripadvisor's rating and it was our first and the last time in this place. Thanks to the shrew who works at the bar. That angry lady doesn't know at all what does it mean to serve the customers.
Had a lovely meal at Kook Restaurant during our stay. Can definitely recommend this restaurant. Good quality food, plenty of choice - a mix of Thai and Italian food - something for everyone.
"We had dinner at Kook with our two young daughters. Were surprised by how friendly the service was and how fast our order arrived. Food was great! The owner was present and very involved, that’s always a big plus. Loved it!
Am luat cina la...More"
My husband and I visited Kook restaurant several times last week, whilst staying at a local hotel nearby. We highly recommend the pizzas which were absolutely ‘spot on’ and the different choices of ravioli which were full of taste and rich flavour. Delicious! The taste...More
"The first night I arrived in Phuket, my hotel shuttle drive me at This lovely local restaurant.
I was pleased by the service the quality of the food and the price
The ambiance was warm and friendly and I repeat my visit 2 more time...More"
Great value for money, good Thai dishes, did not try any of the Italian mains, but the Italian starters were nice.
Really original Italian cuisine. It the most tasty place where I ate in the Rawai. Big portions and very friendly stuff and owner
Overall the best meal we had during our short stay in Phuket. The coconut soup was a winner for my boyfriend. I enjoyed the chicken cashew. Everything pars well with a cold Heineken and a coconut shake. Not to mention the waitresses, or possibly just...More
Great food at very reasonable prices. Some of the best food during our trip and service was fast and efficient. Friendly and humerous staff.
"Every time when we are in Rawai, we dine once at kook restaurant.
The restaurant gives you a good alternative between Thai and European food. We love the Italian version-not only we are Swiss but also the quality of the pasta & pizza are amazing!...More"
I have dined at Kook Restaurant at least 25 times and always found it an excellent value. Family owned and run, fresh pasta everyday, parking and a great location.
"Good food, good staff and good bill.
I don’t need more
Nice to meet Max it’s a gentleman
This resturant it’s the best in ra wai"
Nice welcome. Food order was slow to come and a long time to wait for each meal. Pizza was good with crispy crust. Live dinner music was nice in the background.
"My family and I visited Kook’s essentially everyday on our week visit to Phuket. There is a large variety of great quality food, both Thai and Italian (very authentic). The staff are very friendly and kind.
I would definitely recommend Kook’s to anyone visiting Phuket,...More"
We stayed close by for a week and went to Kook four times for dinner. It really is all you could ask for. The staff are so friendly, the Thai food is incredible and they do an extensive and delicious Italian menu. It’s a lovely...More
What a gem of a restaurant! I love Thai food, and having tried several restaurants in this part of Phuket, this one quickly became my favourite. Extensive menu of both Thai and Italian food, and with the proprietor being Italian, this restaurant managed to serve...More
"Started my lunch with bruschetta which was great. I really enjoyed it.
Steak was ok - i prefer obvious fat (see pic) removed.
I have been served by friendly staff and wifi worked well."
I come here quite often when I'm in town. Good value for the money and nice selection of European and Thai dishes. Friendly staff too!
Very disappointed that we had dinner here.Very expensive for below average Thai food.The atmosphere was extremely unfriendly mostly due to certain nationality that made up almost entire restaurant.Not impressed by how owner/manager speaks to his staff.Could not wait to get out of there.
Decent Italian/Thai food and good setup - owner v friendly and helpful. Pizzas looked good - didn’t try, but bruschetta and pasta (a little pricy for the portions?) dishes good, Thai staples great & better value. On request made a v nice veg risotto for...More
"I felt like having “non-Thai” food for lunch today. And it was worth it! I had some classic Italian (bruschetta and carbonara) and the significant other had Thai food.
Both of us enjoyed our meal. :)
Strongly recommend this easygoing and tidy place with friendly...More"
A nice place if you want to vary all the asian food with some italian tastes. Great staff as well, will definately come back!
What a lovely surprise to discover Kook, who's name is after the owner and clearly the maitre d' and chef extraordinaire with the experience of a passionate Italian (Max) who's delightful and busy assisting with the smooth running of this clean, reasonably priced and great...More
"Gave it a shot after reading just a couple of reviews, not terrible but there batting under there average
Ordered the steak and noting like the picture, more like something in a stake sandwich
The have a back room with air cond for a 10%...More"
Amazing food but even better people. Max is the nicest man ever. The Italian food is homemade and so good. Highly recommend this place it is a must visit.
A couple friends and I went to Kook to eat dinner. We were looking for Thai food, but were told that the Italian was excellent. We decided to start with a prosciutto pizza; it was delicious. After a recommendation from Max, (Manager) I decided to...More
Maximo is an excellent host , the food is excellent and the Tiramisu out of this world. He insisted in introducing his wife who is the Thai Chef, who makes the deserts. It is a pity that more restaurants do not show this level of...More
My wife and I came to Phuket for the first time and we were struggling to find vegetarian restaurants. We saw Kook on trip advisor and we were not disappointed. The food is cheap, but extremely flavorful. We had the spring rolls and the green...More
On a recent visit to Phuket we were very lucky to discover this restaurant. The food was delicious, the portions were large and the prices were very reasonable. Massimo and his staff were very welcoming and efficient. Definitely the BEST garlic bread and bruschetta I...More
Great hospitality within walking distance of Mangosteen Resort; Thai dishes AND Italian dishes were fabulous, staff and owner very hospitable and prices moderate and excellent value. Highly recommended.
We randomly booked a hotel in this area and at first we taught, that we are in the middle of nowhere. But luckily on first night we found close to our hotel this amazing restaurant. We staied during our trip to Thailand in many places,...More
"The best in Phuket
I go 15 mins out of my way just to eat bruschetta here it’s awesome & the best for miles
Good service & clean place"
"After venturing through a very dark somewhat daunting quick cut through from Vijitt resort (it was absolutely fine!) we arrived at Kook.
Food was great - I recommend spring rolls and anything with cashew nuts!
Probably my favourite meal of the holiday!"
"I was here with a friend for first time! Food tasty and well priced. Owner was very kind and welcoming. Service and stuff were excellent! I would definitely consider coming here again! Will be my favorite one. Very recommend!
<U+0E0A><U+0E2D><U+0E1A><U+0E23><U+0E49><U+0E32><U+0E19><U+0E19><U+0E35><U+0E49><U+0E17><U+0E35><U+0E48><U+0E2A><U+0E38><U+0E14> <U+0E0A><U+0E2D><U+0E1A><U+0E1C><U+0E31><U+0E14><U+0E44><U+0E17><U+0E22><U+0E41><U+0E25><U+0E30><U+0E01><U+0E47><U+0E1C><U+0E31><U+0E14><U+0E21><U+0E32><U+0E21><U+0E48><U+0E32> <U+0E40><U+0E1B><U+0E47><U+0E19><U+0E23><U+0E49><U+0E32><U+0E19><U+0E17><U+0E35><U+0E48><U+0E17><U+0E33><U+0E2D><U+0E32><U+0E2B><U+0E32><U+0E23><U+0E44><U+0E17><U+0E22><U+0E2D><U+0E23><U+0E48><U+0E2D><U+0E22> <U+0E40><U+0E08><U+0E49><U+0E32><U+0E02><U+0E2D><U+0E07><U+0E23><U+0E49><U+0E32><U+0E19><U+0E43><U+0E08><U+0E14><U+0E35> <U+0E1E><U+0E19><U+0E31><U+0E01><U+0E07><U+0E32><U+0E19><U+0E40><U+0E1B><U+0E47><U+0E19><U+0E01><U+0E31><U+0E19><U+0E40><U+0E2D><U+0E07> <U+0E23><U+0E49><U+0E32><U+0E19><U+0E2A><U+0E30><U+0E2D><U+0E32><U+0E14><U+0E21><U+0E32><U+0E01><U+0E46><U+0E04><U+0E48><U+0E30>...More"
Lovely food, great atmosphere, great staff and a friendly host. Thai cuisine was delicious! Highly recommended.
Kook restaurant is a small cozy place in Rawai. Very clean, friendly staff and good food. Meals from just a 100 baht up to 300-400 baht. Definitely recommended!
"We were staying at The Vijitt Resort just a short walk from here, the restaurant was recommend to us by a waitress from another bar which is usually a good sign.
The staff were very friendly and helpful and the food was great and very...More"
Right beside the Mangosteen resort with great food, friendly staff, excellent cocktails. Kitchens were very clean and food came really quickly.. Free wi-fi was great for planning the next days activities
My family and I ate here twice recently. We loved the pizzas, and the service is friendly and prompt. Beers are cold and the prices are very reasonable. The restaurant is very clean. I recommend this place highly.
This cosy restaurant is definitely a breathe of fresh air from the terrible service we have gotten from Mangosteen. Food is excellent with a service to match. Highly recommended.
We were greeted by who I would assume is the owner the first time we came. He was extremely nice and welcoming. We have eaten here twice already because the food is so amazing! One of the best places around. You can also order online...More
I've been in Rawai for over a year now and keep ordering food from Kook restaurant as i love it. They also deliver for an extra 100 baht if you don't fancy a night out that evening. Great food and great service every time so...More
This restaurant does western and Thai food well. It is fairly basic but absolutely acceptable. We had good green curry- chicken- and sea food with oyster suace. Within ten minutes walk of Mangosteen resort. Recommended. Nice food and great value.
Great food, the decor, and location are a touch spartan but a nice friendly vibe. Owner is clearly very involved
"I never even wrote a review on here before but for this place I had to.
We got the meat ravioli and even though it came out last, it was still not fully cooked, the shell was hard, and some were raw. We hated to...More"
We ate here a number of times during our stay, the food was always fast and fresh and the owner always went out of his way to speak with us. Would definitely recommend.
English speaking staff. Fresh food, good amount. Both Thai and Italian food are available. Eatery caters for personal needs.
We went here a couple of times whilst staying in the area, it's setup very well, the owner is great, really friendly. There is outside covered seating with fans and at the back a really nice indoor seating area with air conditioning, which is great...More
We are so glad we found this restaurant. Great food and very friendly staff. Our kids loved the pizza and we sampled some excellent Thai food such. Thanks for a few great meals and see you again. Come here when in Rawai.
Great place. Italian owner very obliging, friendly staff and authentic Thai and Italian food. Would recommend Kook to anyone wanting to get away from their resort or hotel for dinner.
We visited Kook at the last night of our holiday in Phuket, we had been there for 2 1/2 weeks and this was on the last evening. We have dined out every night, got some takeaway Pizzas, ate street food, had fine dining but we...More
We found this restaurant on Trip Advisor and were NOT disappointed. We arrived at 4:30 for dinner and they eventually let us sit in the air conditioned section that normally opens at 5 pm. They have a good selection on Italian, Thai, steaks and fish...More
Inexpensive,fresh great food. Would recommend.The green papaya salad is wonderful. The fresh juices are huge and a meal in themselves
We ordered Italian and Thai food as this is what the restaurant is reputed for. We got frozen pizza dough, kind of ok pasta (definitely not home made), kind of ok thai food (had much better elsewhere). Nothing special, will not go back.More
Had the best 4 Stagiony pizza ever outside Italy. The tast absolut authentic. The base perfect. Found my favourite restaurant for the rest of my holiday.
Very good, cheap authentic Thai food. They also had Italian on the menu. We only ate Thai and our food was very good, very cheap and was out quickly. The service staff were also friendly and helpful.
"The food here is great!
Doesn't matter if you choose Thai food or pasta, it won't disappoint!
Spring rolls , yum!"
Ate here a few times so sampled several Thai dishes. All were tasty, authentic and reasonably priced. Staff were always friendly and efficient
What a sweet little restaurant. Beautiful food and staff. Highly recommend! Looking forward to eating there again.
"Good food and service.
Value for money.
Entree, 2 x mains , rice, beer and a cocktail 500 baht.
Recommend the spring rolls."
Great Italian and Thai food run by a family. Great value and you will be even be treated to some French tunes played and sung by the owner. Well worth checking this place out!
We have visited this restaurant on a number of occasions during our stay in Rawai. I would recommend it to any one who enjoys good Thai or European food at great prices.
The owner is abit to full on don't leave you alone food was ok but very slow wouldn't try again but staff were ok
Great and friendly service. Opens at 11am till 11pm. Food is high quality and very tasty. We ordered the Massaman Curry (160 baht) Bruschetta (170 baht) and Pizza (magherita 170baht). This is definitely a great place to go if you're looking for a little bit...More
A pleasant restaurant with good food. The pasta was very good but could have used a bit more sauce. The fish was very very good. The steak was on the tough side. Service was friendly and attentive the place was very clean throughout. Did not...More
Family run restaurant which have great food and cocktails, great service ( always with a smile) and very clean. Highly recommended!
i read about the high ranking on TripAdvisor, so we needed to check it out, as it is close to our home. OK, the restaurant is on the main street to Nai Harn, which means noise, but the owners have provided an air-con section which...More
"With 3 gluten intolerant kids it is always a challenge to find a place to eat. This authentic Italian restaurant (which also serves delicious Thai dishes) has the best glutenfree spaghetti on the island. Good pizza and service with a big smile
Thnx for dinner!"
"Even though this restaurant is situated close to quite busy road it offers a very nice atmosphere. The staff and the owners welcome you and are very accommodating.
The food is genuine and good taste Tai and Italian ( home made pasta and good expresso...More"
Not many times in my life, if ever, have I had lunch and dinner at the same restaurant on the same day. This week we had 3 people ask us for directions to Kook Restaurant. Since we are leaving tomorrow, we decided to check out...More
"We drove past the restaurant 2 days ago and decide to give it a try.
Had Thai food and everything was so tasty and delicious.
The restaurant is really nice, and you have a choice to eat inside (air conditioned and more romantic) or outside....More"
"FABULOUS JUST FABULOUS !!!
We had a mix of dishes. Authentic Thai Seafood salad, so fresh!! And then we both had Tagliatelle Bolognese. In fact it was so good I got an extra one to take home. The secret is they make their own pasta,...More"
We met the owner too before we left. We find it lovely that he named this restaurant after his wife! Highly recommended.
We went back 3 times to this restaurant during our 2 week stay in rawai. The food is excellent, freshly cooked and tasty. We tried both the Thai and Italian food and in fact took our Italian friends with us the third time who confirmed...More
Kook is a clean, well presented restaurant ideal for any group. It's staff offer friendly service & speak English. The food is delicious & very reasonably priced. A combination of Thai & Italian dishes means that everyone is satisfied. They also have live music. It's...More
Me and my friends were eating at Kook Restaurant everyday while in Rawai. Big choice of Thai and home made Italian food, super tasty. Will definitly come again once in Phuket
clean, efficient, convenient, well-priced, tasty, friendly service, and a great place to catch a bite to eat
Awesome thai food, awesome Italian food.. really good atmosphere. Amazing live music. When you're in Phuket, you just MUST to visit this place!
We stayed about a mile from Kook when in Thailand & went about 4 times while there. Never disappointed, always quality food, good service and reasonable price. Some of the best Phad Thai and currys we had in Thailand
"Ok the last few meals out & down to 2 local contenders in the area both who have good TA reviews -
No elegance to either Italian or German here
I am English
On arrival service was great
Fast & efficient to ordering plenty of...More"
We've been to Phuket every year for the last three years and Kooks has never failed us. It is always the first restaurant we go to when we arrive on the Island. The food is fresh and delicious. The staff are very friendly. The owner...More
"Very good spring rolls and an excellent massaman curry with rice. Cold wine to top it off.
Staff was very nice with children."
Very good fresh, tasty food. Price is cheap. Thai options and pizza are recommended! Service was a little slow but that didn't stop us from returning again. Every time we visited the place was full, at least 10 people were turned away whilst we were...More
My girlfriend and I went to Tatonka about 6 months ago after hearing how good it was and we were disappointed and left after starters. Why? 3 reasons. One was the Caesar Salad was made with white cabbage, that is not a Caesar Salad, it...More
"Really great family run restaurant with Harold the owner a world renowned chef.
I couldn’t recommend this more highly the food style is a fusion of Thai and International and is to die for.
Staff are fantastic and can’t do enough for you, you can...More"
"This is really a very interesting restaurant that I think has never got the acclaim it deserves.
The menu is quite varied, but most dishes are thought out very well, and are slightly ""off the beaten path""."
We have been going to Thailand for over 7 years and we always enjoy our meal at Tatonka. If you are staying in the Laguna area they will pick and drop you after in their shuttle. There are a large selection of appetisers/tapas. The service...More
"We first visited Tatonka over 10 years ago and haven’t been back to Thailand since. We’re currently back on this lovely country and a visit to this restaurant was definitely on the agenda
So glad we did. The food is fantastic. Probably some of the...More"
Loved the appetizers. Very good service and they offer free transportation to or from any hotel in Laguna.
This place serves up the best chicken I've had in 14 years of living in Thailand; the grilled black rice and mashed sweet potatoes weren't far behind either. The staff was friendly, proficient and quick. The atmosphere was warm and the open kitchen is a...More
A lovely eclectic choice of food on the menu. A definite must visit as the food is beautifully presented and very very tasty. We had tuna tacos as an appetiser followed by pollo Nero and Cajun pork with mashed yam and sweet potato respectively. It’s...More
Inventive and interesting menu. Lovely flavours and presentation and very good quality food. The Barramundi was excellent. Service was good. Give it a try!
We have eaten in this restaurant a few times and love the food. Great atmosphere lovely staff good service and food it’s just a little bit different. Advise you to book as you can always guarantee getting a table.
We are six times a year travellers and this is our favourite restaurant in the world. The fusion of Asian and European is wonderful and the owner/chef has been able to maintain his high standards year after year. Excellent.
Spend the evening at Tatonka yesterday. I read a lot of reviews on the great appetizers and no need for a main dish. Yes the appetizers are great (we had the crab cake and the chicken with a crust of cashew nuts on papaya salad)....More
We had two excellent meals here in our holiday. The food was excellent and quite different. Their gazpatcho was as good as I have had anywhere - and I live in Portugal for three months a year. My wife is a small eater and I...More
"This is a wonderful restaurant that never fails to delight. How can it when the main man - Harold is monitoring the quality from the kitchen? Excellent job.
After the homemade crisps and creamy, pepper dip we chose duck cigars, beef in banana leaves, pomelo...More"
We had an excellent meal at this restaurant. We had the tapas starting with sashimi which was fab a mix of tuna and pomfrey<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00BB>truly fresh, then we had the crab cakes, prawns with polermo and the duck cigars all were fresh tasting and just the...More
"Not to be missed, Thai tapas sounds strange but it was fantastic and followed by a couple of seafood dishes, magic.
This place offered a great casual atmosphere, excellent food, perfect service, all at reasonable prices.
The menu to big enough to go several times...More"
"Tatonka was an amazing find in Phuket, so glad we went there for dinner as it was our favourite place!
The food is really good, we had the chicken and it was presented nicely and tasted incredible. The decor is really cool too. It’s a...More"
Forget the main courses just load up on tapas. They are stunning - the duck wrap is to die for. Harold the chef is always their so take his advice if you need to. The fact it has been there 20 plus years say a...More
"Casual setting in an outdoor hut style Restaurant. Thai service (don’t be in a hurry) but the most incredible food. Something you would expect to be served at any five star restaurant in the top cities of the world.
Chef’s selection of entrees were filing...More"
"We ate here twice. We liked the tapas style options which were tasty, different and the portion size was generous. The food is a bit uneven in standard, occasionally fabulous, sometimes disappointing but general good - we enjoyed it more the first time.
The staff...More"
We have been living in Phuket for several years now and we always try all the new places. There are many good ones, but we always go back to Tatonka. It's a sure thing and the value is good. Harold the owner and chef makes...More
"I had this visit on my plan since several month.
Finally I made it and happy that I did.
Wine list ist rather short but got all the essentials that you need at a reasonable prize.
We got two rounds of ""Tapas"" and they were...More"
"Tatonka never fails to impress; from the friendly professional service to the great food. We loved the specials including tuna tartare and scallops on black spaghetti both of which were interesting and made a great addition to the normal menu.
Whenever we're in town we...More"
An excellent restaurant with fine food and wines, a place that you can visit time and time again and not be disappointed, try the tapas, if not sure take the surprise option and trust the chef, a real winner
Now been coming here for 15 years+. Without doubt my favourite restaurant anywhere. Food exceptional (everything). Crab cakes unique. Michelin star without the stars. Photo is the siam chicken.
Everything we ordered was outstanding <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>. Great service. Great atmosphere. Highly recommend <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>. Ribeye. Blackened chicken. All good. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Lovely meal with great service. Kids loved it as not too spicy food. Tuna main course was super and chicken cone starters great.
"The family and I all loved this place.
From the warm welcome to the inventiveness of the food it was all great. They do some really good starters here and you need to try them all. They are a blend of Western with Thai ingredients....More"
Came with friends without knowing about this place and was pleasantly surprised by the taste, presentation and chef's talent! We had tapas to share and every single dishes brought by the chef was absolutely amazing, especially the prawn. One of the most successful Asian fusion...More
This is very nice place to go for dinner with your family, friends or business partners. Austrian Chef making very special mixture of traditional Thai food with Western colors. It is absolutely delicious.
We stay in the Laguna area quite often. The problem with Tatonka is that we tend to go there most nights for dinner, neglecting the other restaurants in the area. But we will just have to learn to live with our addiction.
We thought the menu looked very good and inviting however we weren't prepared for just how good the food was going to be, some of it was so good we took pictures of it. This restaurant seemed very popular with young families and was probably...More
Wonderful food from an amazing Swiss chef.We had a selection of their small dishes to share and they were incredible. One of the tastiest meals we've ever had in Thailand. Friendly staff.
You have a Michelin star restaurant here. The chef is extremely friendly and has created some unique world class food.
In all it has always been a very good dining experience. The service is very good and the menu full of lovely surprises even if you have been there many times
Tatonka is one of my family's go-to restaurants whenever we stay in the Laguna area. Excellent tapas and lovely decor.
A very cool restaurant with amazing food, great cocktails and wonderful service. The best I visited in the area. Highly recommended.
The dinner we had here was one of the best we had all trip. The flavors were fantastic. We had a cashew nut chicken dish, and a large piece of fish, which might have been Barramundi. Both perfectly cooked and delicious. We can't wait to...More
Tatonka is my favorite place in phuket. Perfect food, nice atmosphere and very friendly service. Prices are very responsible.
Western owner / chef. Run by the chef and his Thai wife, I believe. Been open for many years and has built up a following. You will pay $12 to $18 per entree. Well run, fun spot. Parking can be a challenge sometimes.
This is a lovely restaurant with exceptional food and friendly staff to serve you. The attention to detail of the food is amazing with a master chef. A must to visit if in the area. Free pick up and return locally.
Tatonka is quite a unique restaurant for the area. The food is more cosmopolitan than most Thai restaurants and they have a very diverse menu. If you're lucky, Harold, the owner will have just imported a few cases of good red wine that he's always...More
Everything was great but the appetizer Larb Gai was a must have! Beautiful outdoor setting with a greenery thatched overhead.
Heard so much about the restaurant but it was nothing to write home about. Their tapas were nondescript. Pizza and pasta were bland and disappointing. After a couple of bites of the main courses, I decided to ask for the bill.
"I really love this restaurant!
Great service, great food and good price
When in Phuket you must go there!!"
One of my favorite places on the island. The food is just amazing and good priced as well. Service is great. I def recommend this place. Eggplant cookies r the best in the menu.
Came with my friend for dinner after an amazing massage. Very friendly and cozy Thai space. Food is very tasty!!! The seabass and the mango salad where outstanding.
"The restaurant is for Al-Fresco dining, with warm light and fans comfortable enough for March season. We came in big party 10 pax, so we were given a long table adjoined to one octagon shape of table at the side very near to kitchen.
The...More"
Had a meal with my wife and daughter and the food was very good and the service spectacular. Lucky to have got sa table and were seated on a high table near the open kitchen. Great food, good value, very pleasant service
"I love this place and it only seems to get better and better!
We have been here at least 5 times over the years when visiting friends in Phuket and they've visited countless more and we absolutely love this place!! The staff are great..accommodating, attentive,...More"
I really enjoy this restaurant but not sure I should really be writing a review as I have never eaten a main course there. The tapas style starters are just so good that I and friends just go through the card and then if still...More
"This, for me, is way down the pecking order of restaurants in the area.
Probably just not my type of food...too many indescribible greens heaped on the plate.
Restaurant is also overly warm which I found uncomfortable.
Smokers were also allowed to smoke at the...More"
We have eaten a few times at Tatonka and they never disappoint, top quality at reasonable prices, if you are in the area try them.
Just eaten here tonight. We didn't have a booking but wandered in about 6.30, after a recommendation from people staying at the same hotel as us. The food selection was excellent and service fine. There were a lot of 'regular' customers who were greeted with...More
"An interesting place with well made fusion food for the most part. Can get by with a selection of tapas. No need to order main course.
Service was most disappointing. We felt like we were newcomers to a family club run by stale locals with...More"
Nice place, good food, hospitable staff, may be a bit expensive. Dinner time better to book a table, otherwise may be have to wait for some time...
Tatonka is definitely worth a visit during your stay in the area! The food is prepared with love by it's passionate chef and you will be surprised by the fresh tastes and textures in the dishes, all very nicely presented. There are many tempting starters...More
Cool and breezy. Like a garden gazebo room. The very best of thai reipe re arrange and wonderfully revisited by austro swiss chef who has been all around the world before setting tatonka in chergnthalay phuket. Close to laguna. Better book in advance
Tatonka never fails to impress us. This was our 5th visit across 3 trios and we will be returning this holiday. The food, ambience and service cannot be faulted. We really enjoy the great menu and tend to stick to platters of appetisers as we...More
We ate here twice - and only because we found it on our second last night so we had our last night's dinner there too. Would have had many more if we had found it sooner. Fabulous atmosphere; great, friendly and professional staff but the...More
We had a range of wonderful starters, all of which went down a treat. The mains were also excellent. We enjoyed it so much that we went back the next evening.
"Went with my family had a great meal we only eight the starters they were very well presented and tasted great
price was to be expected for such good quality food we also found a bonus a lift back to hotel
Syd prices for good...More"
We went as a group of 7 for dinner and we all commented what a wonderful meal we had. It is difficult to put a label on the cuisine but I would call it Asian with a twist. Fusion food would imply an Asian European...More
Second time to Tatonka and in over 4 years they have not lost their touch. Amazing food and would happily go back again.
"A surprisingly unique menu with dishes neither of us had seen before.
The Vietnamese beef starter was amazing. We thoroughly enjoyed our main dishes; chicken breast with green curry and vegetables and a wonderfully different thai green Curry pizza which on ordering I thought was...More"
We visited having been recommended by people we met at our hotel. I liked the fact the chef came over and introduced himself and advised which steak to have. We chose the shared chef's recommendation tapas starters followed by fillet steak and rib eye. All...More
This is very much an Asian fusion kind of restaurant and with really good food. The chef is very 'hands-on' - and checks every meal that leaves the kitchen. We were there twice during our stay in the area and enjoyed our meals on both...More
Not sure what to expect when we sat down,liked the look of the place, and so glad we ate there, the food was amazing the staff were so nice we like it so much we went back another twice top marks
"This imaginatively decorated restaurant makes you feel like you are one of the nomads that the restaurant depicts. Covered but open air at the front. Take mosquito spray!
We had a superb gazpacho followed by Siam chicken. Both were excellent. Full of flavour. Succulent chicken....More"
We came here three years ago and Tatonka is still great. There is an open kitchen from where the chef can make suggestions. We really like the choice of four tapas starters.
"Fantastic food, great atmosphere and attentive staff with a welcoming chef who took time to talk us through the menu.
Great value for money, I would recommend to everyone - you have to go!"
"Have been frequenting this restaurant for many years and never left the place disappointed. Interesting menu especially the so-called ""Tapas"" arrangement.
Wines of good quality at fair Thai prices."
The food here is really really good - modern thai fusion. We went as a group and ordered a large number of tapas dishes as well as some mains to share - everything was excellent. The BIG caveat is that this place has no air-conditioning,...More
Having come to Phuket many times, Tatonka remains our favourite restaurant. The modern/thai fusion flavours never disappoint. The Tapa's starters can be shared between 4 and the favourites this year were duck cigars, pomelo prawns and fishcakes. The large size main courses include perfectly cooked...More
"Great German owner and chef married to a local
Very good mix of different types of Cuisine with a touch of Thai
Excellent vegetarian options and great salads
Very nice atmosphere"
"Very recommended, it was a culinary journey to new places in a common prices.
Order the Siam chicken, I must say never thought a plain burst chicken can be such a delicacy. The seabass recommended to the fish lovers.
DO not miss the dessert, some...More"
I have visited Tatonka many times over the years and still like to return. The menu is always the same, never changed during my time on Phuket. But the dishes are well made and original. Their Yam Som Oh is superb. And The Saigon Beef...More
We stopped into Tatonka one evening when we had left the Laguna resort looking for somewhere for dinner. With 3 kids under 6 years, this place was great. They had a great kids menu and an interesting seating area with a tree/leaf canopy which my...More
As regular visitors toTatonka, we are never let down by the quality of the food and the service of the staff. The food is just brilliant and magnificently presented. The only challenge is choosing which dish to try! We overcome the challenge by visiting more...More
"Ate here with my family on a recent holiday and couldn't recomment the restaurant highly enough.
The food and service were both excellent"
We are a family of 5 with kids,everyone enjoyed it,we loved it so much we went for a second time,very unique and great presentation,kids will enjoy it too,after 2 visit and alsmot ordering most on what's in the menu,I can say that not even one...More
"We selected this restaurant as it was the only one which had a significant number of customers compared with the rest of the nearby places.
The place turned out to be excellent with a German chef who adds his own twist to the Thai cuisine....More"
Wonderful food from an amazing Swiss chef, loads of choices and everything is made with care. Definitely worth visiting with lots of friends/family - just so you can try everything on the menu. Fusion food at its best from a chef who's traveled the world.
My friends invited me to this place for dinner. I saw this place many times before but never went there. For me are all restaurants around Laguna for the hotel guests / resorts and thinking must be boring and expensive. Now i have to say...More
I have been going to this restaurant for many years and can say without doubt that it one of the best on Phuket. It is consistent, well balanced food at a reasonable price. Good service with a smile and enough variety to find something for...More
Superb food. Lovely setting. Excellent service. Fantastic chef. Great eating experience and good value. Well established. We last visited 6 years ago and still great. Great for couples, families or group of friends .
I saw this place on trip advisor and decided to try it out with my family. They provide free pickup and drop off from the hotel. I'll start of by saying when I first saw the menu I was slightly disappointed at the small amount...More
"We've been to Tatonka lots and we're looking forward to coming back.
The ambience and service were great.
We ordered about 5 shared entrees, pizza and desserts.
The food was ok and certainly better than our hotel but was not as special as we remembered...More"
We enjoyed our dinner at Tatonka but experienced the same as other reviews- some items had no taste....some had great taste..the chill cheese/taro chips starter and duck cigars had no taste, the Chicken appetiser and shrimp were awesome...so seems if the Chef would up his...More
Visited here for dinner, the restaurant looked inviting and the team welcoming. We ordered a tapas style selection of 2xpieces x 4 dishes at 280 Tb each. We had the local crab cakes, veggie quesadilla, seared tuna tacos and prawns. Each dish was carefully presented...More
Every now and then you go back somewhere from the past and it was better than you remembered it. It had been 10 years since we were last in Phuket and our visit to Tatonka did not disappoint! The crispy barramundi and seared tuna were...More
I went to Tatonka with my family, we had a really nice dinner. The food was great and the staff very friendly. I ate a wonderful duck that was really delicious. I hope to be back soon.
We popped in at around 7 without reservations and were seated right away. Service was prompt and attentive. We had the farmer’s salad which was really good and original (loved the wing or angel beans-1st time I’ve had those)—the hot mushrooms and the crisp lettuce...More
I live in Phuket and I went to Tatonka a few times always a pleasure, very good food especially the duck and my father as well, the chef is a very lovely person and always come to the table for check that everything is alright....More
Just love the Louisiana pizza and the Midi pizza. For something different try the Peking Duck pizza. YUM!
Fantastic food, good service and fair prices! You can choose 4 tapas (starters) for 280tb and main course for about 400-600tb.
We have been to this Restaurant again after a couple of years. The quality of the food is constantly good and some of the combinations of flavours are surprising. It's a casual atmosphere and the price for the house wines (wither and red) are reasonable...More
Serendipitous to have accidentally stumbled across Tatonka tonight. Fabulous to see a menu designed to cater to all of our favorite cuisines- Mexican, Asian and Indian. Really creative and interesting fusion selection for adults but fab choices for kids too. Bonus was the ride back...More
"After eating at many places around the area this place was a real disappointment
The food took too long and when it arrived it wasn't pleasant at all in terms of presentation or taste. Wouldn't go there again sorry"
Tatonka is located just outside the Laguna Properties, next door to Supper Club. They do provide a pick up service from local hotels. We have eaten here many times and have never been disappointed. The food is always fresh, made just for you and creatively...More
Really good menu selection and great service. Right on Nai Harn beach, amazing view. Exceptional staff, great price and good portions too.
The most beautiful view in Phuket! Delicious disches! The staff is very polite and attentive. Thank you, our dear Tangmo for your kindness, inventiveness and beautiful smile!
This is unquestionably a high end restaurant offering Thai food with a twist - and a fit representative for the Nai Harm Resort. But do not compare with some of the unpretentious plazes outside of the resort - as they come in very very close...More
Found this beautiful lounge looking restaurant with a stunning view of Nai Harn Beach. Had few cocktails for happy hour (half price !) And some delicious food. Our waitress Jha was very kind and professional. I highly recommendcoming here for a romantic evening or just...More
Came down for a beautiful sunset and dinner at rock salt and wow what a place. Food was outstanding along with the service. Tangmo was especially welcoming and very helpful with menu decisions. Definitely recommend the place for a great evening.
"Amazing food! The food was really unique and quality is top notch, even the ketchup seemed to be home made.
Tangomo and the rest of the crew is lovely, service was very good. A must!
<U+05D0><U+05D5><U+05DB><U+05DC> <U+05D1><U+05E8><U+05DE><U+05EA> <U+05DE><U+05E1><U+05E2><U+05D3><U+05EA> <U+05E9><U+05E3> <U+05DE><U+05E2><U+05D5><U+05DC><U+05D4> <U+05D1><U+05D0><U+05E8><U+05E5>, <U+05E1><U+05D5><U+05E4><U+05E8> <U+05DE><U+05D5><U+05DE><U+05DC><U+05E5>!"
"Simply stunning views of Nai Harn Beach, nothing beats sipping on a cold drink casting a keen eye over the turquoise waters and white sands as the ways roll in, past a backdrop of lush tropical scenery.
Lunch was well prepared and is a bit...More"
Seafood is very fresh, love blue crab so much. Amazing food, amazing atmosphere and very friendly and attentive staffs. Highly recommend.
"We arrived at Rock Salt just before sunset. The Restaurant's location is stunning, being on Nai Harn Beach and the location is matched by the decor and excellent food. We were provided with excellent service by our lovely and attentive Waitress, 'The Nai'..
Definitely recommended!"
This is the first time for my family at Nai Harn Beah . And this is the first time at Salt Rock, Nai Harn for Wedding Aniverasy. It is very and taste, nice veiw, good staff and many thanks to K.Tangmo for recommended us about...More
Stumbled on this gorgeous spot in time for happy hour sunset cocktails and ended up staying for dinner. Food was fantastic service friendly thank you Tangmo and very attentive. It was so good we came back again. Highly recommend this on your to do list....More
Great staff and music! Amazing food if you want variety. Great drinks with happy hour from 5:30-630. Views of ocean. <U+2600><U+FE0F>Long Island will get ya.
We were very enjoyed our dinner! The seafood is fantastic. Very beautiful place. Very pleasant to stay so close to the sea. Recommended. Staff nice, especially Tarn.
Such a nice atmosphere near prom tep cape, All of the staff was so friendly and seafood is so fresh and fantastic.
Good food, amazing location and nice view. You can see a view of Naiharn beach, cape phromthep and enjoy good music here.
"When Thai refinement is at the service of gastronomy
An impeccable welcome in a beautiful setting.
The food is excellent, and varied.
I had a great time with you.
A special dedication to Tangmo (watermelon) to whom I wish an excellent trip to France, wishing...More"
"Fantastic spot to come and enjoy happy hour while the sun sets. One of the more upmarket restaurants in the area, but well worth it.
We were well looked after by Tangmo who made sure we made the most of happy hour!"
Best bar/restaurant in Nai Harn to come and chill to watch the sun set... lovely staff and great food
"Very romantic peacefully place, the staff is very kindness. I love this place.
About the food,
Waldof salad is very recommended. It’s combination of fruit and nut. This is signature dish. Next is our main dish, We ordered seafood platter. It’s very impress dish for...More"
"Wonderful location, with dazzling food and Excelent staff.
Have been repeating for the last six months and was never disappointed.
For a very special plate, try the Andaman Seafood Platter for 2. Dont forget the spectacular dessert.
Vividely recommend to anybody visiting Phuket, Nai Harn...More"
Me and my wife are on our honeymoon. And this is the first restaurant we ate out. And it is amazing! Pad Thai was the best for sure. Also try the Hawaiian pizza which is made with their own style. The manager Ms. Tangmo was...More
Excellent! I will return to this restaurant again. We celebrated my birthday party it was awesome, thank you manager Kung for perfect evening
"Had an amazing birthday dinner here for husbands 40th. Food was a tasty and fresh. Staff were lovely and very attentive. They even suprised us with a birthday cake.
Views are awesome and worth stopping by during happy hour 5.30 to 6.30pm.
Tangmo even recognized...More"
This restaurant has the most gorgeous view of sunset. The food is awesome and Chef Mark really pays attention to the detail. Yum Som O is probably the best in Thailand. 10/10 would go back!
"Very good situation, Oyster , Wine, Shurimp, everything good!!.
Staff are so kind.
I want to come again.
We enjoyed this dinner so much."
Rock Salt was one of the highlights of our trip to Thailand. We really enjoyed the atmosphere & the food was outstanding. Thank you Tangmo for looking after us so well.
We came here for my birthday dinner, and it was a wonderful experience. They shut off all the restaurant lights and house music, and came out with a birthday cake with basically a firework on it!! The cake was chocolate mousse and amazing. And our...More
Wonderful location and view for dinner and evening drinks. Happy Hour from 5.30-6.30pm each evening!! Menu wonderful and can highly recommend.
This is our second time in Rocksalt and never failed to satisfy me. From its view to the food and their service are all excellent. The beach burger is one of the best burger I had. Will surely come back for more. Thank you to...More
i had a lovely tagiene dish , i'mvegetarian and it was really nice and tasty. They also do a nice Prosecco to go with your meal ! you may need to book as its quite small but definatelty worth a booking.
"We really enjoy everything we have here. The ingredients are very fresh! Excellent service. Sunset time is the best! Beautiful view with the ocean breeze. Reasonable price!!
Outstanding staffs!! I'm very happy!!
We love Friday event, DJ, rose and great food!"
The rock salt in Phuket is the best place ever!!! Wonderful atmosphere, fantastic views, polite staff (Tarn,Roong)and very tasty food!!!
We came here for dinner and we loved everything about this place. The warm welcome from the staff was lovely we was seated right by the sea and the view was amazing. The food was so good although paying that bit extra it is definitely...More
Awesome sunset view! Happy hour drinks are a plus as well. Staff is super attentive and accommodating. Overall great experience near the nai harn beach! Definitely worth it to stop by!!
Food was great. You have to try spaghetti marinara. Very tasty. Service is very good and helpful and in combination with the amazing view, makes an amazing dinner. Really satisfied.
"The best view in south of Phuket. The server is remarkable. Drinks are variety and done proper.
The staff are friendly."
"Aye here twice on our recent trip to Phuket. Food is excellent and the view across the beach is amazing.
The beach burger was the best I have ever eaten... Tasty, juicy and perfectly cooked.
Prices are on the high end of the scale but...More"
We booked this using Chope before we arrived. The restaurant is expensive but top quality food in a wonderful location.
"Perfect location, tasty food, nice service
If you’re looking for a nice place for having a dinner or lunch in Phuket. It will be on the top of your list."
Once again the food and service is excellent Tangmo and Aui. The staff are really friendly and helpful. The seafood is the best one I had really recommend the cocktails. Patter makes the best. Always come back here for a lovely meal.
"Delicious food, bay view, excellent service and friendly atmosphere makes that place one of the best gastronomic destinations on Phuket.
Always trying to have dinner here during my visits on tge Island.
My recommendations.
Very friendly staff under the management of Mr. Kung."
Stunning location, wonderful ambiance and a great menu to choose from. We felt comfortable and we're looked after by the professional staff from the moment we entered. A great wine list that would suit all tastes. A wonderful evening and we will be back again...More
Nice place to happy hour until dinner times. Great for romantic dinner. Sea front restaurant. Excellent service khun Kung,khun Room, khun Tarn, khun Fan, khun Jha, Khun milk Very friendly... This is a place you should not miss the Nai Harn.
A really beautiful place !! We feast ourselves, with an incredible view !! The waiters very welcoming is smiling! This is a place we recommend without problem and we will surely return !!
This place is amazing looking over the ocean. I had one of the nicest green curries here in the whole of Thailand ! A must to visit and all prices are exceptional given the quality of food
We stayed in the nearby hotel and saw this amazing place just on the beach with a breathtaking view. We came for the happy hour drinks and must say cocktails were amazing at the price not different from any other place, so it def worth...More
I would highly recommend The Rock Salt and The Staff, they are just simply great. Caring about our requests and kindly helping with the details of the food. Roong was our waitress during our dinner twice during our staying, she is amazing. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
"Ate here twice during our stay which will be of no surprise once you've eaten here.
The lamb was so tender and succulent and the other five members of the family enjoyed their meals equally, even our little grandson was catered for. The fish cake...More"
The best dinner spot on Nai Har beach. Great service, Khun Roong and Khun Kung made sure we had a great time here. Good vibes, nice breeze, delish Andaman seafood platter which is perfect for couple. If you are looking for a romantic dinner, you...More
The location is great!! Next to Naiharn beach. Chicken green salad is yummy. Burger is good too. Tangmo is helpful and friendly. Will come back again
"Had lunch here and it was beyond expectations.
Prices are super reasonable and the view is amazing.
Definitely go there if you are in Nai Harn beach and please order the pomelo salad."
"Lovely mixed menu, beautiful view, great service!
In Nani Harn beach. As a vegan, plenty of great options as well."
I have picked the right restaurant ,Rocksalt have stunning view , Friendly staff ,Food and Drinks are Perfect
We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner at the Rock Salt Nai Harn! I had the tiger prawns which were total heaven and my parents loved the Moules. We decided that the fries were the best we’d ever tasted! We highly recommend this restaurant and it’s beautiful...More
Rock Salt is amazing. Great place to eat and drink while enjoy beautifully beach view . We had pasta and burgers both nice. Wine little pricy yet nothing to be worry about . We always look for Mr. Kung there - great manager always will...More
Really recommend to visit this place. Very close to beach, good staff, awesome seafood. And so nice the price))
Had a lovely meal and cocktails here with my family watching the sunset - highly recommended. Staff were also really friendly
The location of this restaurant is perfect and the food is just as perfect. The specials are varied and the portions are of a good size. The service was second to none!
The food is very good, Rock salt ceviche, steamed mussels, tuna tartar and the Rawai Tiger Prawns all tests fantastic. The service is good and so is the wine list. Everything you want for a lunch, literally on the beach.
Perfect setting. Perfect lunch. Rock Salt at the Nai Harn has everything. Overlooking Nai Harn Beach with yachts at mooring in the bay, bordered by forest hilltops & menu choices to match the feeling of complete well being. Hosted by the resident kitchen team under...More
"Dear Frank - General Manager,
I remember when “The Nai Harn” was “Le Royal Meridien Phuket Yacht Club”! It was 5 star view and 5 star service. At that time I invited all my customers for our Asian Distributor Meeting.
My evening today at Rock...More"
Great cocktails in a beautiful setting. Staff friendly and attentive. Looking forward to eating there. Very romantic setting
Love the services and excellence view plus food..lovely waitress, beautiful place. Don’t miss to visit
Happy hour from 17:30-18:30 daily. Value for money, the price you see is the price you pay. No hidden price. Foods and drinks of 5* star quality. Great place to hangout with friends or solo. Also having a DJ with cool music. Originally drowned because...More
"Chic and romantic place in Nai Harn.
Love the atmosphere, drinks and those oysters <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Thanks boss <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Love ya guys<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BE><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>"
It is an amazing place to have drink. Specially in happy hour, tangmo is a really friendly waitress and she looks amazig. Mr. Poo makes the best drinks on this beach. If your are not going thete you will miss something.
What a great place on a somewhat hidden secluded beach. Terrific food and service. If you’re looking for a little slice of paradise this is this place
If you are seeking for a good view restaurant, Rock Salt is one of the greatest bars and have a good service including good compliment which is make me feel comfortable and relax.Thank you K.Tangmo that service and offer us for a good memory.
View was amazing. Staff were super nice. Very clean restaurant..price of course expensive but worth. I spend my good time with husband. Miss this place.
This location is absolutely amazing, doesn’t get better than this. Overlooking Nai Harn Beach this is the place to be at the end of a sunny Phuket day. We had a dips platter and a couple of happy hour drinks. Prices are higher than other...More
We had a party of 8 and made a reservation online. When we arrived we were treated like VIP's.. beautiful table with a gorgeous view. The drinks were just perfect, food delicious( I had the Chicken Tandoor) and the service was A+
Its really a nice place to be. Directly on the beach with an outstanding vieuw on the sea. There is a great winelist and a good menu with reasonble prices. The food is nice but the management of the restaurant is terrible. They really miss...More
"During out week-long stay at The Nar Harn, we enjoyed the evening happy hour cocktails as well as dining on three evenings.
The positives are it's location and the food itself (apart from the pizza) were very nice and not overly priced. For these two...More"
"Rock Salt is a magical setting, at the edge of the cove looking across the sea, shaded by the trees.
Bar.
They have Happy Hour serving great cocktails at reasonable prices, the staff smiley and friendly. Although happy hour started each evening, every evening, at...More"
Went for happy hour to watch the sunset and were not disappointed. Not easy to get the attention of the staff but didnt mind as such a relaxed place. Next time we will try the food.
"Had lunch today at the Rock Salt restaurant in The Nai Harn Hotel.
Yellow Curry mussels and the wife’s had Asia Pear Salad my pal had mussel Mariniere.
David the Head Chef created these three brilliant meals and I’ve got to say they were best...More"
I recommend you to go during the sunset, simply awesome. The staff was very friendly abd the cocktails and food was absolutly great.
"Beautiful food, service, drinks and view. Highly recommended.
Sitting looking over the sweep of the beautiful Nai Han beach, eating a perfectly cooked sea bass and having been presented with an excellent choice of wines for every price range I can say that this is...More"
Great location and sunset views right on Nai Harn Beach and the only "fancy" place at the Beach. I've been 3 times and unfortunately, the food is only good, not great. The Peri Peri chicken is done well. Some of the apertisers are good. The...More
"best food in Phuket by a mile.
Excellent cooking, would be happy to eat here time and time again
Great service and wonderful view, the ambience is terrific"
We enjoyed our dinner here after watching the sunset. Piri Piri Chicken and Whole Sea Bass was both great. We also enjoyed their desserts, which were all great even if the waiter mixed the pannacotta with the vanilla cheese cake. Service was good and attentive...More
Rock Salt is simply magical. The beachside location is both private and dynamic as you can watch the waves below at the incredible NaiHarn beach, or the sunset on the horizon. The food, wine list, and service is top notch, it's my go-to choice for...More
"Great food, very friendly staff and great location.
Loved the flavours of the food, and you can oversee the ocean while seated."
"We loved each meal we ate at Rock Salt.
The view is stunning, especially at sunset, and the menu is fantastic. I'm vegetarian and there was a lot of options and the chef was more then happy to make a meal vegetairan if asked. My...More"
Our group shared a lot of the food and were not disappointed. There is happy hour - we had to try a few before we found the drinks we really enjoyed. It is a beautiful view, relaxing atmosphere
Nice restaurant, classy, and with fantastic views, I found the food fresh, and nicely presented, and very tasty. It has a great vibe, and we had an enjoyable Lunch, and would love to return here again.
"Absolutely lovely!
Great staff and extraordinary food.
The second night, I tried the Burger, and it held international class! Simply one of the best burgers I’ve ever had, and I’ve had a lot <f0><U+009F><U+00A4><U+0093>More"
Rock Salt is billed as the ‘casual’ alternative to dining at the Nai Harn Hotel, but it really comes into its own at happy hour when cocktails are half price; combine a few martinis with the view of the beach, sea, yachts and islands at...More
Fantastic location, fantastic views & great design. Have eaten here twice now ... very enjoyable and food was ok.... twice. We live in London and eat out a lot. Don’t mind paying for top quality meals at all but Rocksalt Nai Harn didn’t meet expectations...More
The ultimate happy hour!!! Stylish and funky bar with unbelievably friendly staff and cool music overlooking Nai Harn beach. Long Island ice tea is a must !!!!!More
It was an amazing night. Everyone was so friendly, always smiling and asked us how was our food. Location is very nice with overlooking the sea. We were welcome by the sweetest Tangmo and assisted us all through the night with Oui. They organized a...More
We spent a week in The Nai Harn Resort and enjoyed several times a great dinner in the Rock Salt. This is really a magic place with a gorgeous view, perfect fresh food and very nice people. Special Thanks to Tangmo an Sid! You made...More
"If you like sophisticated restaurants with a view, excellent food, great music and attentive staff - this is the right place to visit. Every visit was a great pleasure. Additional thanks to a girl Tangmo from staff team :)
Tip: great point to meet the...More"
"Went last night down to Nai Harn. Such a beautiful beach in its own right, amazing sunset.
We walked down to Rock Salt after sundown and were greeted with amazing service, lovely cocktails and beautiful food. All with an amazing view. This is a must...More"
very smart , funky vibe , top end fish restaurant , great views over beach , pricey food and drinks but worthwhile for a treat .
Hanging at the Nai Harn beach for awhile in the morning, we found ourselves looking at this place which overlooks the beach when we got hungry. When we first sat down in a perfect table right above the beach, we noticed it was pricier than...More
This restaurant has amazing views of the beach and is one of the restaurants of the Nai Harn Hotel! Since we were staying at the hotel this was very convenient to dine there. It is very romantic and you can watch the sunset in the...More
"After watching sunset at Promthep me and my gf when to Rock Salt, the beach restaurant located
right the end of nai harn beach. We was just in time to have their happy hr last order, and we have our dinner there after our drinks....More"
Firstly, to get to the restaurant from Patong is beautiful ride since we rented a motorbike. We arrived there and the staff was welcoming and friendly. However the place was completely empty which did not give us a good first impression. We ordered mussels and...More
We went there for a lunch and we were not disapointed. Food was excellent and views from there even more better. Beautiful and scenic views just add more fun best lunch we had on our trip
This place is definatly a no frills place! But what it's lacks for in style, it more than makes up for in location & low cost gorgeous Thai food. Cocktails only 100bht! We ate fresh fish & penang curry as we watched local thai children...More
It is located directly on panwa beach. I was there only once and the last time during my two weeks stay in the hotel nearby. I do not understand why so many people visit it because it is cheap and the meals are very small....More
GReat find close to the hotel, on the beach, relaxed, island vibe. BE casual, and food is fresh and delicious.
"Highly recommended for the price and quality of the food. Cocktails are also decent. Beer is only 55THB a pop.
Don't expect anything fancy, plastic chairs in the sand. I will definitely be back though, very impressed with the seafood on offer."
I had lunch there and was surprised about the quick efficient service and the great tasting food. Highly recommended when in this area.
They did a great job with marketing. Well paved access road, big sign postings but this place is more made for Chinese visitors who do not care about the details. Got my starter and salad in the end and the food was not really good....More
"Best food for cheap price on top location!
Watch the beautifull sunset while eating fresh thai seafood."
Quaint and simple beach restaurant and when I say beach, I mean on the beach, take your shoes off type of restaurant. We read other reviews which said to get there early, 5pm and they were not wrong because the best front tables fill up...More
We only stopped for a coconut drink but stayed to eat after a visit two years ago. Food was as good as we remembered and the little bit of music added to a perfect afternoon. Worth the walk down/up the steep hill!
"Great dinner with great view and live music!
Good price and awesome staff!
Get there early because the bar closes at 10:00 PM!"
One of our favourite places on the island. Good Thai food, very inexpensive. Staff very helpful. If you fancy beautiful pancakes after, just walk along the beach a few metres and they will deliver them, freshly cooked to your table.
"Good food, tasty - we just can’t stop eating. Beach setting, nothing fancy- it’s seems to be a family business.
For sure we will come back."
Been 3 times now will be there in March 23 will go again very good value excellent food amazing great atmosphere good band watch sunset it's a must when you visit cape pawa
Just been for the first time with my husband, he has been several times and highly rated it and believe me he was not wrong, very basic eatery, tables on the beach, some under cover, toilet primitively but functional, no running water, so you need...More
"The setting with the sea close by, family run and very good quality and affordable food, nothing a problem to the chef if you wished your meal altered to suit
The prawns are to die for and , the drinks are first class , I...More"
Beautiful little restuarant on the beach with great food and drinks.. best bang for your buck as they dont charge extreme for food, my wife and i enjoyed our selfs everytime we went , very nice family owned restuarant, best place to enjoy dinner on...More
Lovely beachfront setting, we stayed at the hotel By The Sea just along the beach, but ate here a few times. Good honest Thai food, and inexpensive for the family. As a bonus, wifi is free and fast enough for a Skype call home (unlike...More
We ate at this bar twice and regretted, that we didn’t come more as we stayed on the other side of the island. The tables stand on the sand and in the evening, they put them directly on the beach with romantic lights above. After...More
Nice quite place relax and now its upgrade still almost the same tables for nice to have dinner really closed on the seaside
Food and view is equally amazing. Spring rolls are delicious. The staff are really friendly and helpful. The owner is always present and this is visible in his restaurant. Excellent service.
We ate at the restaurant most nights (except mon night when it was closed) as the quality of the food was very good and the prices very reasonable. All 5 of us had a main meal with a couple of entrees to share, the 3...More
This bar was beside a new resort we tried, old and new side by side, this much more traditional and making you feel like you experience the real Thailand. This is on a much quieter beach than you might see elsewhere in Phuket. Accessible only...More
"We have been going to the Beach Bar for several years now.
It has a fabulous view. across to the Big Budha on the ridge across the bay.
The view is perfect for sunsets, and couples or friends make good use of this for taking...More"
"A lovely drive into the country, a secluded beach, barefoot in the sand, awesome steamed crab, cold beers, beautiful sunset, amazing service.
Just a Wow experience.
5*"
Have been here twice before- first came for the setting then came back for the food! Excellent service at a reasonable price considering you're eating with your feet in powdery sand. Food was not made "for tourists," real authentic Thai food that is plenty spicy...More
We discovered this place on our second day of staying down the beach at By The Sea- and returned for lunches and dinners for our rest of our 10 day stay! The food is amazing, the green curry, massaman curry, pat Thais,papaya salads, pineapple rice...More
First of all, there are pretty limited choices for food when you're staying at Panwa Beach, but the Beach Bar doesn't disappoint! We had most of our meals here, and was really satisfied with everything we ordered. The green curry is really good, and so...More
Great food and service and good value. Live music on Sunday evenings with a great atmosphere. Wanted to buy a cool black Beach Bar tee shirt, but unfortunately they didn't have my size.
"We ended up going to this place to eat almost every night.
The food is good and very local. Great seafood options.
The prices are very very low. You can get a decent Pad Thai for 50 bath!!!
If you order food that is supposed...More"
We are staying in the area of a few weeks and loved it when we stumbled on this place. It's just a short walk from Bandara Villas, where we are staying, on the next beach. The food is fantastic, good cocktails and it's reasonably priced....More
"Excellent beach area, pub was ran by a family who obviously live there. Great beach access. Felt almost private to have a few drinks.
Top spot"
Nice cocktails & meals with reasonable prices can be found here. You can enjoy live music while enjoying your dinner.
If you like sitting on a beach, feeling the sand in your toes, drinking delicious cocktails and eating delicious food - this place is for you. The spring rolls, chicken satay & singapore slings here don't get much better combined withe the view. Exceptionally good...More
We stayed at the By the Beach resort just a short walk away. This was our favorite place to go. Very laid back and relaxed atmosphere. The Thai food was great and so reasonable. The green chicken curry was the "best ever". I ended up...More
Beach bar is my favorite place.I always be there for enjoin with my friends.Good food good test goid drink and good price.
Fresh food, cold beer and friendly staff. A nice relaxed place to eat lunch or dinner, nothing too fancy in terms of amenities, but if you fancy a nice bite to eat for a reasonable price with your toes in the sand whilst you eat...More
great food and atmosphere right on the sand, icy fresh cocktails, friendly staff all at very reasonable prices though I found the food servings quite small so had to order several just for two of us. There is construction going on all around, including in...More
a nice place vith honest thay food and honest price where you can stay relax vith family.Situated in a very close beach vith a nice surrending wiew.
"Beautiful setting, nice people, simple layout (table and chairs on the beach) and delicious Thai food. Also, incredibly inexpensive.
The perfect choice for a sunset dinner. Highly recommend."
"This beach bar was just along the beach from our hotel. We ate here several times, 3 adults ordering loads of dishes all freshly made, and had pleanty to drink. All fab tasting. The bill came to about 900 baht. (£18)
We went back to...More"
Wonderful atmosphere. Great music. Delicious food. Quick service. Located directly on the bay. Feet in the sand. How much better can you get.
You can walk from the restaurant to the beach in 5 steps! The seafood was delicious and the pineapple fried rice comes served in a pineapple! Very scenic and relaxing, I highly recommend.
Tasty, good variety, never a bad meal to be had here. We ate here many a night. Tables set up right down to the tide. Live local music once a week. And inexpensive as well!
Is just a bar in the beach, have low expectations. Drinks and place is average to any other. The best is the view. (January 2014)
great place on the beach. were here for the second year now, very relaxed. had diner several times. always good food and a large choice, not expensive. definitely a place to go to.
we liked it so much ,because you can have a good food near to the beach. Staff were very professional and nice.
Great place to unwind with great cold beer and food. Watch the sunset over 'Big Budda'. gets busy so get there before sunset!
Excellent location with cheap food and drinks, perfect sun set. Family run and great service a great place to vist providing your not expecting 5*
Nice to have food exactly on the beach and at the same time in the jungle. the place that merges both things in one place.
Great bar, cold drinks, excellent service and perfect location. Drinks well priced. Certainly worth a visit
"This little family owned and operated restaurant is only open in high season.
Having said that get over here for the views alone.
The food is superb, the service prompt and friendly and the view to die for."
Had read this on James Phuket Blog and went on this recommendation and that of other guests at our hotel. Didn't disappoint. A lovely little bar, they put the chairs and tables on the beach at around 5.30 ish and you can watch the sunset...More
A wonderful experience to eat right on the beach, the food was also very good I really can't say anything bad about this place
Great chilled bar + restaurant. They move tables and chairs onto the beach for sunset. You can go for a walk up and down Panwa Beach, before enjoying a cold drink and some tasty Thai food.
I love coming here for the atmosphere, view, and food. It's a great place to watch the sun go down and enjoy fresh and tasty seafood at reasonable prices. The staff are really attentive and the live music in the evening is really good. I've...More
"We ate at Beach Bar regularly during our stay in Wichit. The food is fresh, the service prompt and the whole feeling is relaxed and welcoming.
Every meal we ate was perfect, and the drinks are also reasonably priced.
Would return again to view the...More"
Excellent beach bar only a few steps from Panwa Beach Hotel. Great food. The whole steamed fish was amazing. Great place to watch the sunset and have a few drinks.
"This place will not be for everyone's taste. It's one the beach...........yes, on the beach. No flooring apart from sand. The tables move out at 5:30 pm to be on the beach for the sunset, which is to die for.
It's querky, cheap and the...More"
We go there for the beach experience.The place is mad food is great service with a smile.Awesome sunsets.The owner likes to dance,
We returned here after a 2 year gap from visiting Thailand and it is just wonderful. The staff clear the beach and the set the tables from the restaurant onto the beach. We drank our Chang watching the sun set and then ordered a wonderful...More
We spent 3 weeks in By The Sea and almost every day we had our dinner in this restaurant. All of the foods were very tasty, the portions was enough and the most important: for reasonable price.
First, therr are not enough options to eat in neighborhood. It is the first reason fot Must Visit. Howevr, I don't mean to criticize at all. Food was good and atmosphere was great with a pretty good live band. I ordered crab curry, fried prawn...More
Ate there 3 times - mostly ok but on the last occasion they served cold shrimp cakes and I've never felt so ill. Be aware, such a shame
We stayed at BY THE SEA and every day we had lunch or dinner at this bar every day. Great food and drinks. would highly recommend it.
Good value easting and a tremendous kocation right on the beach. Fresh bbq fish is excelent and the chicken wings good. Everything else is just so so.
"On the beach with a great menu for a variety of Thai and seafood, beer and cocktails.
Highly recommend the rice in a pineapple, king prawns with honey dip and lush cocktails."
We visited this restaurant in Jan and had terrible service my three companions had eaten their meals and I waited a further 20 minutes before mine was served upon complaining I was told quote! If you no like you no come back ! By a...More
Being at a secluded remote location with a captive crowd that doesn't have many choices around to go for food I had expected the prices to be exorbitant, but that is not the case at the beach bar. Food is great and fresh (huge Thai...More
"You're basically sitting on plastic patio chairs, on unleveled sand, needless to say, the chairs start to sink in the sand and you end up sitting lopsided.
You will get bitten by the sand flees.
There are 4 stray dogs that will come to your...More"
I walked over to the Beach Bar from my hotel a few doors up, and enjoyed a quick lunch. The view is fantastic, the staff is friendly and attentive and the food is quite tasty. Do yourself a favor and stop by if you're ever...More
"What a really nice place to spend an evening, the food is fantastic, the setting is superb and you will find it very difficult to beat Pi Pi's prices.
The owner, Pi Pi is always there keeping a watchful eye on every table, making sure...More"
I been to Phuket 18 times , see most of places , yeah u can find amazing places but u pay for it ... Here at beach is right on the beach, price is cheap... Food is wow... Please try the fresh lobster steam with...More
"Amazing food right on the beach, relaxed atmosphere run by lovely family.
Sunset view is incredible as an added bonus with very good prices.
Well worth the taxi ride from cape panwa hotel makes for a beautiful evening."
Great good, great people, great value. Might not be fancy but we had a lovely meal here and the staff can't do enough for you
Loved the view and the food. Not a high class place, but not a high price either. Barefoot dining on the sand is something not easy to find in Phuket these days. Highly recommended!!!
It is amazing how good the food is at the prices. You must try the chicken green curry, ask for spicy also the Tom Yum Goong, again ask for spicy. Absolutely delicious and for 80thb unbelievable. Chang is also a bargain at 90thb for a...More
"You walk down from the road and into the beach bar and already thongs are off because the restaurant floor is beach sand. Walk 10 metres from your table and you're in the water. There is also one table that sits in the water.
The...More"
If you don't mind plastic chairs and dining plates, the Beach Bar is a welcome change from the dining options at nearby resorts. In fact the food is half the price and perhaps better. Try the crab fried rice and coconut shake.
We often ate at this restaurant and always had a great time! The food is great! It can get very busy at night so don't be in a rush or go elsewhere.
"We stayed right next door at Dream Sea Villas and probably ate here almost everyday. The food is delicious and prices are awesome.
If you go, please try their deep fried bananas and their Thai grilled prawns!"
"this wonderful little spot is located about 100m down the beach from the Panwa Beach Resort, and is a great alternative to the food on offer there.
We passed by on our first day's exploration and checked out the menu. The woman working told us...More"
We walked down the beech 100M or so south of our hotel, Panwa Beach Resort for dinner. My wife and I decided to have a cocktail before dinner, she a pina colada and I ordered a bloody mary. I'm sad to say they were the...More
Nothing quite like sitting directly on the beach, curling your toes in the sand. Even when a high tide came in, we all just laughed and tried to play King Canute. (Yeah, we failed too). Besides the location, the food is great - the usual...More
Came on recommendation of my hosts. Wanted nice beach but water was rocky and warm like bath water. Bring aqua shoes. Restaurant was good and cheap. Couldnt decide what I wanted so got 2 appys, a beer, bottle of water and a Coke for about...More
"Was looking for a chill out place for the night. Found this place that was about 15min walk from Bandara Villas.
Tables were layout on the beach in the evening. You can get a subset view here. Food was tasty and at an incredible price....More"
great for breakfast, lunch or dinner or in between; sit at your table on the beach and hear the sea lapping a few feet away…….
amazing food and staff....on the beach beautiful sunsets every nite and great lunches with fresh seafood and thai favorites...loved it!!
Had both Lunch and Dinner here during my 5,day stay in Panwa Cape area. On both occasion ions food was very tasty and enjoyable and would recommend
I recommend to anyone staying in cape panwa area, to visit this Beach Bar at least once. Great seafood in fair prices, very friendly staff, nice views to the ocean. Thai cuisine is the cheapest and the best in the area.
The beach bar is the most relaxing place on the island my wife two young children and often friends and myself go at least once a week , the staff are great , the foods great and the prices for such a beautiful location are...More
Outstanding food, views and service and run by a hard working local Thai family.The biggest problem with this place is that they close during low season. My family and I are waiting patiently for them to reopen in October!
A really friendly bar/restaurant set under palms at beach. Staff had amazing memory for faces and people, and made customers feel welcome. Lots of loungers around for those taking drinks and food from bar, yet right on beach
"Many a happy time spent with our friend Peter at this special place.
You get a view of the sea and islands straight from a magazine,lovely food and charming hosts.
Off the beaten track ,but well worth the effort,get a taxi from Cape Panwa for...More"
Rustic setting may be misleading but the setting of the sun across the bay while drinking and eating on the beach with sand between your toes is hard to beat. Our favourite of all the local eating venues. A different perspective from Panwa Cape and...More
This cool little place looks like a run diwn shack from afar but the bar is clearly run by a family who do a great job. The drink prices are more than reasonable, for cocktails too, and we also had dinner here while the sun...More
With sand , sun , wAter and family it's the prefect location to relax anyway of the week . We love this place . The food is always good , drinks are served quickly . The service is great . Love love love it !!!!!!!!!
"This is an amazing place to go for a drink or some authentic Thai food. The people that run it are great too !
GO THERE !!"
"When staying at Cape Panwa, definitely come here to have a nice dinner!
The location is perfect, you can eat dinner with your feat in the sand, enjoying the amazing view.
Food is cheap, and good quality. After ordering, the food comes within 10 minutes,...More"
Beautiful location to watch the sunset over Big Buddha but the food is HIGHLY DISAPPOINTING especially after the long drive to get there. Ordered 5 dishes all with meat (chicken/2-seafood/shrimp/beef) and probably had 50-75 grams (2-3 ounces) of meat between all 5 dishes. We left...More
this place is great, good food, good price and amazing staff. We were welcomed every time we went and looked after by Pee and his wife and staff. soft back ground music and live music on Sunday night really good fun. great place for meeting...More
This is quite a small place & the interior is very basic but.. You are here to eat first up so the food is the priority & it certainly does deliver. I had one of the best kebabs that I have ever had in my...More
I loved this place and my girlfriend loved the curry sandwich. Clean little place with great service.
"We are 3 friends that visited Golbasi every day for a couple of days and left from there satisfied every time. We were welcomed by a great and smiling staff which served us good and tasty food.
Thank you. :)"
Nice and friendly staff. Food is finger licking good. My kids loved the kebabs and keftar. Serving of meats are generous. Will definitely visit again and will provide photos.
"Think hungry. If one's drunk, Golbasi seemingly sounds like gobbles. For a platter of 399b, they don't cut corners when it comes to food portion and taste.
To top it off, it's nice when service comes with a personal touch - the chef took time...More"
They have this Turkish/French style its awesome, a little bit hidden this place, once you find it you’re on paradise
"I have tried Adana and köfte with garlic souce which were amazing. Everything was nice.
I think only problem adress that not easy to find also little bit far from Bangla road."
After days of making bad food choices, Golbasi finally gave us food that we found similar to what we know. We were thrilled. The owner is the most friendly, sweetest person who was willing to make special meal changes even for our Vegan friend. Thank...More
Delicious Food, (homemade) French/Turkish Style, Wonderful Staff and Owners, Plenty of Parking, Fast Friendly Service, Recommend Highly
"I came here with my Turkish friend he love kebab and I love Nutella and bough of us has been happy.
The restaurant is in Patong easy to go."
Walked 40 mins to get here. Ordered the mix grill. When the plate arrived it was huge, it included chips, Bulger wheat, bread and salsa. I was so satisfied with the food that I plan to walk another 40 mins just to eat here.
The owner is from France, who has worked in a turkish restaurant before. He tried to bring it to Phuket, but sry that is not turkish. Kebap (chicken) was a bit dry, köfte was without spices, no salt either. Köfte is the same meat like...More
The staff was extremely nice and the food was great too!!!. The location is good , close to patong beach. The prices were not as cheap as Thai food but food was worth the price
"166/23 Soi Na Nai Ruamchai
Pa Tong
Phuket 83150
Thailand
The food was very good, had some troubles find the restaurant but it was worth finding!"
"Look no further. As what it says, ""The Best Kebab!"".
100% Halal. Which means no liquor or any alcoholic drink.
Just 5 mins away from Jungceylon. If you are in Patong, this is the place to go."
"The address on TripAdvisor is wrong, use the google address/location if you want to find this place.
The food is awesome, the staff is very nice. The platter was big enough for two people. Great place to eat if you are tired of Thai food."
"First off, amazing sandwiches. We went in the off season so I wasn't able to get the donair roll up but I was not upset. The chicken sandwich I had was AMAZING! So filling and delicious.
Second thing, the staff was very personable. We ended...More"
"The food here is great and the portions are quite big! Not to mention the owner is so friendly!
We visited in off season so it was kind of quiet. He came and talked with us for a while and the conversation was great. We...More"
We visited golbasi on first week of april 2016. It was so good that we went there 3 times in 3 days. Best time to go to this restaurant is for lunch as they have limited quantity food which ends till dinner. One who misses...More
We like the food a lot its amazing and cheep we will come again for sure and the persons work her was very kind ... Amazing restaurant
"I visited golbasi based on a referral from my friend who went there before and after checking trip-advisor. It was worth every penny and the meat was amazing.
Definitely will re-visit one day"
"We visited golbasi in January first day in phuket. First we could find by tripadvisor map. Was 500 meters different. I said this to the owner and he is trying to deal with tripadvisor to change this.
So the kebab was really huge portion. I...More"
We visited here today after searching for the restaurant for a little while as not to easy to find, I was pleasantly surprised as I was welcomed by a friendly accommodating couple, I would only recommend for a lunch visit but prices are very fair...More
Went here with my boyfriend this evening and at first we were unsure but so glad we went in and listened to the good reviews. Both our meals were amazing and such a good price, we both said it was better than what we get...More
One of the best kebabs i've ever had. Its a really cozy place and the service is great. Price is decent(200thb) as it is quite hard to get a cheap meal in Patong.
When I eventually found Golbasi, I was greeted with smiles and friendliness. I chose the Adana as a takeaway. The bread was crunchy, the sauce was divine and the meat was extremely tasty. Will definitely go back before the end of our trip.
Two months in Patong beach and I went many times in Golbasi. The people, the food, the price, all great!
"Have been here almost every day during our stay in Patong and plan to keep going back, we can't get enough!
We had the sharer platter between two which was well presented, satisfying, filling and delicious.
This cost 299 baht in total, which for the...More"
After having eaten so much Thai food the past few weeks in our trip, we were craving something different - and Golbasi was perfect! Both the Adana and Kebab meats in bread were brilliant, and the staff was very welcoming. Highly recommended to anyone looking...More
There are loads of schwarma places in Patong but I must admit, this place rules them all. The meat is a combination of lamb, chicken and beef, and served with garlic sauce that is so so good. You have a choice of bread of tortilla...More
Great food! Everything was fresh and yummy. The owners were very nice. We had two burgers and they were great! The bread and meat were my favorite things. It was difficult to find, but if you see the big Makro supermarket, it is right in...More
Wonderfully simple environment, family run business on the 3rd major street off the beach running north/south. Owner is from France and is personable and an expert in the kebab cuisine. I had the Adanan sandwich with garlic sauce, it was so good I thought about...More
We took a break from Thai food and stopped by this cute spot in patong. The owners were very nice and hospitable. We had the gyro sandwich and a chicken wrap. The portions were large and the food was fresh and delicious. If your in...More
Small restaurant with big flavors! I ordered the kebab sandwich with a side of fries- a generous sandwich- lots of tender meat, perfect crunch to the bread, and delicious lettuce, tomato, and garlic sauce. My husband ordered the platter- he picked the kefta- a mix...More
If you are up for a different cuisine other than Thai food, this is a great place consider eating at. Great kebabs and quaint restaurant.
Excellent food in reasonable price. I tried to find this place to eat Turkish food and finally I found. It is not easy to find but believe me worth it. Delicious chicken kebab I ate and the portion is so big that I could not...More
Perfect homemade meat, sounds everything fresh ,a small quite area with a very good welcoming couple european/asian= make turkish better !!
"For all long-timers in Thailand it's nothing new to have a brief affair with non-thai food.
Obviously Patong is full of falang owned restaurants (in some places You can feel like in Little Italy), but from among many - Golbasi has it, what You can...More"
Is the best restaurant that we went of all phuket of patong.excelent meat .hamburguers and chefs.Very nice!
My friends and I absolutely love this place. So much so, we ate there nearly every day of our stay in Patong. Great tasting fresh food, awesome coffee, and really friendly staff. Highly recommend visiting Golbasi for yourself, you won't be disappointed
The food is so delicious. Missing the tasty kebab and Turkish pizza. The best Turkish food I ever had. When we go to phuket next time diffinetly will go to enjoy the food there. Can't wait to taste your Hamburger<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> my son would love it...More
If you miss the small shop, Golbasi is located beside Beauty inn, near Makro on Nanaï road. Kebab are awesome and they do many burger, crepe, kefta... Very tasty and handmade, beautifull food. The owner and his wife speak Thaï, English French... and can advise...More
"Clean food, friendly staff (speak English, French, Thai) and cheap prices. Easy to access.
Propre, staff super sympa (parle anglais, français et thaï). Bon marché. Facile d'accès."
Delicious! Delicious! Delicious! We definitely had more than what we expected. Looking forward to dining here again. Thank you Golbasi! Cheers!
"The best kebab in Phuket.. Try to visit this restaurant and you'll never regret it. ;)
staffs are accommodating and friendly.. :)"
Visited by accident and went back on purpose... best food in Kathu and even better service. Highly recommend before, during, or after drinking.
The nicest people you will meet in Thailand. Super friendly really wish them the best. We went in for a quick bite one morning and it filled us for the whole day! Kebab was sensational so we ended up going back for the next 3...More
This is quite a small place & the interior is very basic but.. You are here to eat first up so the food is the priority & it certainly does deliver. I had one of the best kebabs that I have ever had in my...More
I loved this place and my girlfriend loved the curry sandwich. Clean little place with great service.
"We are 3 friends that visited Golbasi every day for a couple of days and left from there satisfied every time. We were welcomed by a great and smiling staff which served us good and tasty food.
Thank you. :)"
Nice and friendly staff. Food is finger licking good. My kids loved the kebabs and keftar. Serving of meats are generous. Will definitely visit again and will provide photos.
"Think hungry. If one's drunk, Golbasi seemingly sounds like gobbles. For a platter of 399b, they don't cut corners when it comes to food portion and taste.
To top it off, it's nice when service comes with a personal touch - the chef took time...More"
They have this Turkish/French style its awesome, a little bit hidden this place, once you find it you’re on paradise
"I have tried Adana and köfte with garlic souce which were amazing. Everything was nice.
I think only problem adress that not easy to find also little bit far from Bangla road."
After days of making bad food choices, Golbasi finally gave us food that we found similar to what we know. We were thrilled. The owner is the most friendly, sweetest person who was willing to make special meal changes even for our Vegan friend. Thank...More
Delicious Food, (homemade) French/Turkish Style, Wonderful Staff and Owners, Plenty of Parking, Fast Friendly Service, Recommend Highly
"I came here with my Turkish friend he love kebab and I love Nutella and bough of us has been happy.
The restaurant is in Patong easy to go."
This is quite a small place & the interior is very basic but.. You are here to eat first up so the food is the priority & it certainly does deliver. I had one of the best kebabs that I have ever had in my...More
I loved this place and my girlfriend loved the curry sandwich. Clean little place with great service.
"We are 3 friends that visited Golbasi every day for a couple of days and left from there satisfied every time. We were welcomed by a great and smiling staff which served us good and tasty food.
Thank you. :)"
Nice and friendly staff. Food is finger licking good. My kids loved the kebabs and keftar. Serving of meats are generous. Will definitely visit again and will provide photos.
"Think hungry. If one's drunk, Golbasi seemingly sounds like gobbles. For a platter of 399b, they don't cut corners when it comes to food portion and taste.
To top it off, it's nice when service comes with a personal touch - the chef took time...More"
They have this Turkish/French style its awesome, a little bit hidden this place, once you find it you’re on paradise
"I have tried Adana and köfte with garlic souce which were amazing. Everything was nice.
I think only problem adress that not easy to find also little bit far from Bangla road."
After days of making bad food choices, Golbasi finally gave us food that we found similar to what we know. We were thrilled. The owner is the most friendly, sweetest person who was willing to make special meal changes even for our Vegan friend. Thank...More
Delicious Food, (homemade) French/Turkish Style, Wonderful Staff and Owners, Plenty of Parking, Fast Friendly Service, Recommend Highly
"I came here with my Turkish friend he love kebab and I love Nutella and bough of us has been happy.
The restaurant is in Patong easy to go."
This is quite a small place & the interior is very basic but.. You are here to eat first up so the food is the priority & it certainly does deliver. I had one of the best kebabs that I have ever had in my...More
I loved this place and my girlfriend loved the curry sandwich. Clean little place with great service.
"We are 3 friends that visited Golbasi every day for a couple of days and left from there satisfied every time. We were welcomed by a great and smiling staff which served us good and tasty food.
Thank you. :)"
Nice and friendly staff. Food is finger licking good. My kids loved the kebabs and keftar. Serving of meats are generous. Will definitely visit again and will provide photos.
"Think hungry. If one's drunk, Golbasi seemingly sounds like gobbles. For a platter of 399b, they don't cut corners when it comes to food portion and taste.
To top it off, it's nice when service comes with a personal touch - the chef took time...More"
They have this Turkish/French style its awesome, a little bit hidden this place, once you find it you’re on paradise
"I have tried Adana and köfte with garlic souce which were amazing. Everything was nice.
I think only problem adress that not easy to find also little bit far from Bangla road."
After days of making bad food choices, Golbasi finally gave us food that we found similar to what we know. We were thrilled. The owner is the most friendly, sweetest person who was willing to make special meal changes even for our Vegan friend. Thank...More
Delicious Food, (homemade) French/Turkish Style, Wonderful Staff and Owners, Plenty of Parking, Fast Friendly Service, Recommend Highly
"I came here with my Turkish friend he love kebab and I love Nutella and bough of us has been happy.
The restaurant is in Patong easy to go."
This is quite a small place & the interior is very basic but.. You are here to eat first up so the food is the priority & it certainly does deliver. I had one of the best kebabs that I have ever had in my...More
I loved this place and my girlfriend loved the curry sandwich. Clean little place with great service.
"We are 3 friends that visited Golbasi every day for a couple of days and left from there satisfied every time. We were welcomed by a great and smiling staff which served us good and tasty food.
Thank you. :)"
Nice and friendly staff. Food is finger licking good. My kids loved the kebabs and keftar. Serving of meats are generous. Will definitely visit again and will provide photos.
"Think hungry. If one's drunk, Golbasi seemingly sounds like gobbles. For a platter of 399b, they don't cut corners when it comes to food portion and taste.
To top it off, it's nice when service comes with a personal touch - the chef took time...More"
They have this Turkish/French style its awesome, a little bit hidden this place, once you find it you’re on paradise
"I have tried Adana and köfte with garlic souce which were amazing. Everything was nice.
I think only problem adress that not easy to find also little bit far from Bangla road."
After days of making bad food choices, Golbasi finally gave us food that we found similar to what we know. We were thrilled. The owner is the most friendly, sweetest person who was willing to make special meal changes even for our Vegan friend. Thank...More
Delicious Food, (homemade) French/Turkish Style, Wonderful Staff and Owners, Plenty of Parking, Fast Friendly Service, Recommend Highly
"I came here with my Turkish friend he love kebab and I love Nutella and bough of us has been happy.
The restaurant is in Patong easy to go."
This is quite a small place & the interior is very basic but.. You are here to eat first up so the food is the priority & it certainly does deliver. I had one of the best kebabs that I have ever had in my...More
I loved this place and my girlfriend loved the curry sandwich. Clean little place with great service.
"We are 3 friends that visited Golbasi every day for a couple of days and left from there satisfied every time. We were welcomed by a great and smiling staff which served us good and tasty food.
Thank you. :)"
Nice and friendly staff. Food is finger licking good. My kids loved the kebabs and keftar. Serving of meats are generous. Will definitely visit again and will provide photos.
"Think hungry. If one's drunk, Golbasi seemingly sounds like gobbles. For a platter of 399b, they don't cut corners when it comes to food portion and taste.
To top it off, it's nice when service comes with a personal touch - the chef took time...More"
They have this Turkish/French style its awesome, a little bit hidden this place, once you find it you’re on paradise
"I have tried Adana and köfte with garlic souce which were amazing. Everything was nice.
I think only problem adress that not easy to find also little bit far from Bangla road."
After days of making bad food choices, Golbasi finally gave us food that we found similar to what we know. We were thrilled. The owner is the most friendly, sweetest person who was willing to make special meal changes even for our Vegan friend. Thank...More
Delicious Food, (homemade) French/Turkish Style, Wonderful Staff and Owners, Plenty of Parking, Fast Friendly Service, Recommend Highly
"I came here with my Turkish friend he love kebab and I love Nutella and bough of us has been happy.
The restaurant is in Patong easy to go."
"Chef Nok is amazing!
My friend and I took the cooking class with Chef Nok in March 2018 (before I had a TripAdviser account), it was so much fun and we really enjoyed the experience
The class starts with a visit to a local market...More"
This is an excellent Thai restaurant. Very authentic dishes. Every dish is delicious and service is very good. It is also value for money. Highly recommended if you are looking to experience the best of Thai cuisine.
Top gun is any crab they offer. Take it with house chardonnay and some spring rolls as a starter. Imho, best place around. Pre-booking is useful
We visited Ginja last April with family 2 kids. We loved the stunning decor by the beach. The warm welcome of the waitresses and the great food made us coming back the following 2 evenings. Food is tasty and well presented. Service is attentive and...More
We had a delicious meal at Ginga Taste and the service was first class. The food is authentic Thai with flavours which are distinctive and vibrant. We sat outside the restaurant whet we could enjoy the warm tropical air and listen to the surf on...More
Excellent location , Lovely menu, great food , very friendly staff especially AIO who looked after us so well
Delicious steamed lemon chili seabass. And a wonderful wine to accompany a wonderful dish. I highly recommend dinner at Ginja.
Had the best experience yesterday!! We are staying at JW Marriott's beach resort and was picked up in the early morning, taken to a local market where our chef, Kon, explained all of the different Thai fruits, veggies, herbs, spices, etc. We then went back...More
Expensive and not the best service. Ordered appetizers and main course and everything was brought out all at once and wait staff seemed overwhelmed.
Big favourite of ours and never left disappointed. Staff are knowledgeable and very attentive with service. Mince pork with chilli and holy basil outstanding. Many thanks to all the team
The restaurant is located on the beach in a beautiful building. Started with a great Rod Thai cocktail and then went on to share one of the full menu options with my daughter. Fantastic selection of dishes that were all great. The portion sizes were...More
We visited the Ginja Taste the first time and we were just amazed by the variety and the taste of the Thai Street Food Buffet, which is offered once a week. The number of different dishes that are offered is just overwhelming and quality and...More
We took the cooking class with Chef Nok, and made a delicious dinner! We made Goong Som (coconut soup with white prawns), Gai Yang Khrueng Gaeng (a grilled chicken) and Pla Nung Manao (steamed sea bass). Seriously delicious! We were the only couple taking the...More
Travelling to Thailand for 15 years now, we opted for a Thai buffet evening yesterday. Overall we have a very good experience with these theme nights, as you can can give a try to the most characteristic meals of the country. Not to mention the...More
Several of our family members participated in the morning cooking school at Ginja Taste. It was an amazing experience. The school can accommodate 8 students, but our family (3 people) were the only ones there that morning. From going to the market to learn about...More
Enjoyed our dinner here both nights! Great resort and the Thai food was excellent, hope to visit again :)More
My husband and I ordered the multi-course crab feast for two and couldn't believe how generous the portions were! Every dish was very well executed, flavors vibrant and balanced. My advice is to share the menu among 3-4 people, not simply two. Service was friendly...More
By far the best meal quality meal, service & range we have had in a long time. Meats were tender and flavours were excellent in all food ranges on offer.
We have just prepared 3 Thai meals under the expert tuition of Nok. She was very careful to make sure that my shellfish allergy was taken into account in the recipes. The kitchens are lovely and it is great to sit and eat each dish...More
"First and foremost...thank you Chef Nok for the cooking lesson and the wet market experience was awesome...also to the assistant server on that day who took care of me & my video taking :)
My family enjoyed the dishes that I prepared :)
Our dining...More"
We have been coming to the JW Marriott for the last 12 years and Ginja is always our favourite place to return to. The food quality is excellent and the varied Thai menu is tasty and beautifully presented. Chef Tam knows exactly what he is...More
Had a great red curry with duck, Pad Thai and Tom Ka Gai soup. Nice outside seating next to the palm trees. Friendly and attentive service. Great experience which does come at a price (incl. wine and the obligatory 10% service plus 7% tax we...More
We took the crab set menu and it was the best seafood we had in Thailand. It was worth the money. It was fantastic feast.More
"Highest quality of Thai kitchen, very friendly and helpful waiters, my waitress named Pum did an excellent job!!
Original Thai cooking, of course not the cheapest one, but the setting in front of the beautiful beach, excellent service, delicious foot is it worth it!!More"
Lovely Thai food at reasonable prices. Good clean environment. If one seeks authentic Thai food in a nice clean environment then Gonna is worth a visit.More
Went last night upon day one in Phuket and it did not disappoint. The food - exceptional. The service - the best (Thanks so much Pum!). The view of the Andaman Sea - stunning. This is my second trip to the island and my second...More
Dreadful service, greasy food, not suitable for children just genuinely awful. Would avoid this restaurant and eat elsewhere. Chef argued about bad food tooMore
Good 5* breakfast restaurant in Hotel (Marriott) with really good coffees (ask from waiter, even when on buffet) and unlimited choice for anything from sushi to fresh pancakes, english breakfast items, curries, fresh pressed juices... you name it.More
"This was our first and last meal at the hotel.
It is a stand alone restaurant with amazing items to feast your eyes upon, but more importantly your taste buds!
This can be a very romantic dining experience FYI!More"
Their food was delicious and they even offer a cooking class on Thai cooking once a week. Romantic or family friendly, depending on where you sit.More
My wife and I went several times to this wonderful Thai restaurant, where we enjoyed an amazing exploration of Thai cuisine. They prepare a wide variety of Thai dishes as well as you might find them anywhere, including local crab and lobster dishes. We have...More
We recently had dinner at Ginja Taste on the grounds of the JW Marriott. Setting was beautiful. Food was authentic but a bit too spicy after we requested less heat. Service was very attentive and professional. The menu has a good variety of dishes both...More
Tonight we had out last dinner in Phuket (for this trip) and we were very satisfied. The drinks were amazing (local rum and fruit specials) and the 3 appetizers for 2 were an excellent combination of spring rolls, tempura shrimp with vegetables, and skewered duck,...More
Great authentic Thai dinner. Dishes are very filling, so consider sharing. Phad Thai was considered mild spicy but didn’t seem spicy at all.More
We had a beautiful night and amazing food. Sitting out on the deck listening to the waves was just perfect. We chose a menu that had a few very hot dishes but they were very happy to advise us and change a few things around...More
Have been to many local Thai restaurants in the area and this was the most expensive and most disappointing in terms of taste and one stir fry dish was served cold which is inexcusable. Staff were very nice and friendly.More
Very tasty, but incredibly expensive Thai food. The staff were a little rude also. I’d recommend at least one meal here.More
"The food and service were great. Nothing to fault.
The staff looked after us and the chef was around to have a look if everything was fine with the foodMore"
"Located within the JW Marriott resort, Ginja serve traditional Thai food in a beautiful ambience. Indoor and outdoor dining is available - we chose to eat outdoors in a lovely courtyard next to the cooking school.
For entree we both order the Chicken Tom soup...More"
The ambiance of this Authentically Thai restaurant is beautiful Service is wonderful and everything we tried was fabulous. We had the pleasure of attending a cooking class with Chef Thom of Ginga and highly recommend the experience to appreciate even more the culinary delights of...More
I had a great dinner here with my wife and her sister and mother. The food was excellent. The location is very good...just steps away from the beach and ocean. The manager, Pup, made sure that everything was perfect and checked in with us several...More
My wife and I were on holiday for our 25th anniversary staying at the JW Marriott. This place is at the south end of the resort. We ate here twice and both times the experience was fantastic. The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly. The...More
A real pleasure to have sampled the four regions of Thai cooking, outstanding meal would love to go again. Service was excellent.More
The Soft Shell Crab in Tamarind sauce was simply amazing. Although this is one of the more expensive dining options at JW Marriott, the portions were extremely generous, the staff very attentive and the ambience and setting of the restaurant itself extremely nice. I would...More
Well priced food, good deals, great local taste. Seating is inside or outside, with ocean and sunset viewsMore
Great taste ! Must try. The atmosphere and decoration is great. It has the sea view. Nice to see the sun set here.More
Day starts early to get to a local market where Chef Nok takes you through the amazing variety of Thai ingredients. Returning to the resort we then learnt how to cook Goong Som (Prawn & coconut soup), Gai Yang Krung Gaeng (Grilled chicken with curry...More
My husband and I could not be more pleased with our experience! The food was absolutely amazing. So many flavors and the food was fantastic. Chef Nok and her team were so patient and explained everything so throughly. My husband and I got to take...More
Great and very tastefull food, very nice building, impressive location, very romantic, must see bathrooms, outstanding friendly staff (even for Thailand) organized us a table even when they where fully booked. Great food variety and quality. Even the walk from the hotel to the restaurant...More
Lovely Thai food & some very unusual dishes you won't find in many restaurants. The sea bass was excellent as was the green curry & other fishes. Lovely ambience & service. We loved it.More
It's a very normal food restaurant. However Staffs are friendly and helpful. I love the hospitality but hated to be "nicely informed" to write good comments about them on TripAdvisor and subconsciously " implied " to mentioned their names on the comments. And even wrote...More
We thoroughly enjoyed our cooking class with Nok, absolutely the best experience. We loved the market visit, she patiently explained to us each of the local vegetables and ingredients, and we tried different local vendor food as well. When we got back to the hotel,...More
Yes, it is expensive. Yes, it is worth it. We have eaten at other fine dining style Thai restaurants at other hotels and have finally decided that the best food is at Ginja. And we can walk from our room.More
Did the Monday class including the market, we are a family group with late teenage kids. Had a great morning, and learnt a lot. Will definitely be making the dishes back home particularly the coconut chicken soup. Nok was really informative. Thanks NOK and your...More
The food was exceptional and all the staff were very friendly and attentive. Vennysia was particularly friendly and made us very welcome and comfortable. My wife and I had a lovely night.More
We were very impressed with the quality, presentation and taste of the food. I strongly recommend this place for a fantastic lunch or dinner. We had the cooking class and it was delightful. The plates were very sophisticated in their presentation and the rich flavors...More
"Nice food. Tom Yum, fish cakes, fresh prawns, appetiser.
Sat outdoor with seaview for sea breeze during dinner.More"
My husband and I were on our 10 year anniversary trip and decided to repeat thw awesome experience we had 10 years ago during first Ginja Taste cooking class. There is a group class in the morning in which there is a different set menu...More
I haven't yet eaten at Ginja Taste but I did take a cooking class there this morning and it was nothing short of amazing. Chef Nok was very kind, extremely knowledgable and helpful and spoke very good English. I was hesitant to take a cooking...More
What a wonderful taste sensation. We enjoyed a set menu: huge variety; fair portion sizes. Some (very few) of the dished burnt the conversation completely out of you ;-) but hey - that's what you want to experience when sampling great local cuisine. Enjoyed an...More
We enjoyed our dinner so much at Ginja Taste that we went there again the next night. On the first night, we had pomelo salad with tiger prawn, prawn cake, red curry tiger prawn, steamed seabass in lime sauce, stir fried kale, stir fried morning...More
"Enjoyed a very nice late evening meal here at Ginja Taste. The team were very busy as they seemed a bit short handed but there service Standard remained high. The team were very attentive and the food was excellent.
We dined outside which was lovely...More"
We stay in Marriott and read this famous local thai resto. Great food & beautiful presentation. Served by Vennysia, very warm & smiley intern, & give good food recommendation. Overall experience is great and surely would love to come back. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>More
One of the best dining experiences . Thanks to our server VENNYSIAA. Her recommendations and warmth was outstandingMore
Had a wonderful dinner here with my husband. It was delicious, even if we couldn't finish our meals. Great options, and local dishes made with locally grow greens. I would go back!More
Amazing environment right next to the beach and lovely Marriott Resort and Spa that exceeded our expectations. The fresh local soft shell crab was the best we've had (we were on vacation from the Washington DC visiting India, Cambodia, and Thailand before heading back). Vennysia...More
Nicely done restaurant.staffs were friendly. I would recommend you to order soft shell crabs, it was fresh and very tastyMore
"I carefully chose the restaurant as we had a double birthday celebration and we were staying at the Marriott.
I requested and was promised a nice table with an ocean view. When we arrived they had given us a table in the back corner of...More"
Titel sais it all and refers to food, service and location. My favorite is the deep fried fish and the spicy morning glory that I could eat every day. If you are in JW, you must try it:)More
Definitely worth a visit if you are in the area. My husband and I had a lovely meal, definitely recommend the Thai green and red curries. This is proper Thai food which does have a kick to it. The staff there are so lovely especially...More
The soft shell crab was amazing and Vennysia our server was extremely helpful, attentive and very knowledgeable! The ambience is beautiful and right by the beach. A definite must try!More
We booked a cooking class for 08:00 - 13:00. It was an awesome program. It started with a trip to the local Thai market to buy and learn about ingredients. The cooking class included preparing a papaya salad, pad Thai, and green curry. Once in...More
Outstanding restaurant with high level service. The food was very good , we had the curry and it was well seasoned and balanced. Of course it is on the expensive side but it is really worth it. I highly recommend
Went here last night and food was delicious! The prawn cakes were really tasty and a generous portion. Two delicious curries and a great pad thai left us completely full! Will be back!
This restaurant serves excellent regional Phuket food. Portion sizes are rather generous and the views, especially at sunset are fantastic. Definitely with a visit while in Mai Khan area.
10 of us had dinner at this place while on business trip. Located in the Marriott hotel this place looks great. Can host almost any group size, this place is perfect for special occasion or just a romantic dinner. The food is good. We tried...More
We have perfect dinner in Ginja Resto and i meet Indonesian trainee she called Vennysia who give us a nice service
Beautiful view. The food was tasty but quite pricey for the quantity and quality. Special feature of the night was Pla rad plink (small Thai sea bass deep fried with sweet and sour sauce on the side) was baht 990 (about $30) enough for one...More
We had a table outside with a beautiful view of the ocean. The entree sampler was amazing and the mains were very good, value for money.
My husband and I were staying at the Anantara resort next door, and decided to try Ginja for Thai food. It was delicious. The hotel kindly drives you there from the front desk..very helpful on a rainy night!
"Tasty Thai food. Has a good selection of dishes, well presented and tasty. Attractive location within JW Marriott hotel gardens. Service very good, only marred by delay on arriving when it took two staff to find our reservation on a very small list(!!!).
While very...More"
If you like Thai food, you will love this place. They even have cooking classes if your interested. We enjoyed a fixed meal for three, it included 6 or seven different dishes. If you have 6 you will still have left overs.Look out for the...More
Enjoyed the food but it is over-priced. Beautiful location on the beach. So eating at sunset is really nice.
My family and I attended dinner here. We opted for the four course option. We had a 2 and 4 year old (our two kids). The kids were a handful, and the staff did anything to entertain them and comfort them. Eiw and Gai were...More
"On my birthday we visited the restaurant. Upon arrival we waited 10 minutes before someone speaks to them.
The quality of the food served was average, the service quality was poor.
Price was high compared to the quality."
Staying at the JW Marriott resort and derided to try the Thai restaurant Ginja Taste. The restaurant is situated at the beach front of the hotel and had a very pleasant outlook and atmosphere. The staff are very polite and efficient. We had just arrived...More
"On the JW Marriott site ,this restaurant was amazing , cocktails out of this world !
Yummy Shiraz wine and the food .... UNBELIEVABLE !
Each dish had its distinctive flavour and was amazing !
The service was EXCELLENT ! Nothing too much trouble ....More"
"We took the Ginja Taste morning cooking class as a mother and daughter activity and had a wonderful time.
If you go in the morning, they take you to the local markets on the mainland about 15 minutes away. You can ask any questions you...More"
Had a great meal here, traditional Thai green curry, with authentic ingredients. Beautiful location, & they made it not too spicy for me!
Great food and even better cooking school. I wrote another a review under the hotel heading for the JW regarding the cooking school. Long winded so not doing it twice. But was the best cooking class I have ever done.
I had two experiences with this restaurant. I took a cooking class with Chef Kong . And booked a private chefs table dining experience for 6 adults and 3 children. The cooking class took us first to the market to learn how to pick out...More
Food was excellent and service over the top. Outside seating is romantic and beautiful, overlooking the ocean. Wait staff was really keen on helping with recommendations which we loved!
Good Thai food and nice setting for a restaurant. We had the pad Thai and green curry, both were very good but felt it was pricey- we appreciate you can't compare it to local restaurants but even for a hotel we felt it was at...More
"Whether you are eating at the restaurant or taking a cooking class (YES - Ginja Cooking Class is world class!), Ginja Taste is the ""GO TO"" Thai food on the island, and a highlight of my trip!
Now I need to start building up my...More"
Had a pleasant experience at Ginja taste in Phuket - ordered a selection of different Thai specialties including the fried fish, papaya salad, spicy chicken cashew, and som tom goong soup - and with the excellent service had a wonderful time with our family. There...More
"We revisited this restaurant during our stay at Renaissance.
First of all, they are not expensive but bad Thai food restaurant situated in JW Marriott. Far more than that. They offered authentic Thai food. Their service is unbeatable. Smiles everywhere, always concern about your liking...More"
I ate with 7 other people. Two ordered the set menus ( for 2 people), which are expensive but decent value. The food is presented well and the selection good. Taste is suited to people not used to very spicy food. Two of us ordered...More
"We splurged on Ginja Taste for our last night in Thailand. The check-in staff at the Marriott highly recommended this restaurant for an ""authentic Thai dining experience."" They also recommended making reservations.
The Good:
An extensive menu
Convenient to Marriott
The Disappointing:
Unless an ""Authentic...More"
Ate here on a couple of occasions and the food and service were consistently good. I like the fact that they don't try to alter the dishes from how they should be, if they are supposed to be spicy then they are made spicy. There...More
Fantastic food-Top class service-and environment is fascinating for outdoor dining. You can actually hear the Andaman see and sense the tropics around you
"Environment -
we sat indoor (with air-con), clean, tidy. There were not many people on that night, but i can imagine the place being a little noisy if fully filled-up.
Service -
good. attentive, not hard-selling
Food that we've tried-
Fine de claire oyster -...More"
"The food is sophisticated and well executed and the service is very attentive. However the ambience lets it down slightly, hence the 4 stars.
We had the lobster bisque which was very good, the ravioli in the bisque was particularly yummy. Then we had the...More"
We had dinner in this restaurant. The food was extremely good, I loved the fish tartare starter and the sea bass I ordered. Desserts are a must try especially the chocolate mousse. Service is very professional. Chef Pablo the owner is a very nice man....More
"I’ve eaten here on several occasions The service has always been good and the food usually excellent. However on this occasion was not up to the standard expected especially when you’re paying top dollar.
The Wine in particular was grossly overpriced and on top of...More"
We just having our Dinner here , got very much impressed with the overall quality & service , the hospitality and food is very good , if you know what a good food is like they will serve you. I would love to come again.
absolute fabulous place,fantastic food, gourmet style very exclusive and creative. We come to this place every time we visit Phuket, and quality is constant, try the foi gras ravioli the fabulous duck and the dedos tuna. This is the only non hotel restaurant in the...More
"Dined hear last year when we were on holiday,so decided to go back and we were not disappointed.
Excellent service by a very helpful young lady, dined upstairs and had a wonderful meal.
We both had the rack of lamb which was superb!!"
"Very disappointed, very inferior food, service ok, price extortionate.
Not to be recommended, sent back first course of ravioli with fois gras and mushroom sauce! Main course of lamb cutlets, very under cooked, did ask for medium/rare but they were also tasteless and fatty, served...More"
Visited DeDos by chance one evening and what a gem we found. Young Russian head of service was excellent and could not have looked after us any better. Super service, fantastic food by Pablo the owner/chef. Very good selection of wines. I recommend the Lobster...More
"A nice place to enjoy good kitchen work
I had the opportunity to meet a friend there and could enjoy a delicious degustation menu of 5 diffrent plates
together with recomended wines for each plate
The owner is Swiss and the base of his cooking...More"
"Been coming to DeDos since 2013, never disappointed by the friendly staff and food quality.
The fantastic bread with home made butter on the side followed by the complimentary soup entree are very welcoming. This time for a group of 5 we had the chili...More"
My wife and I dined in this restaurant although there was only one other couple in the food was excellent. The staff were very attentive and it was an enjoyable experience
I had such a wonderful night at this lovely French Cuisine. Kicking off my dinner with a shot of Carrot Ginger Cappucino offered by a chef. Quite yummy! Then, a dish of Foie Gras Poele which was absolutely heavenly. My main course was Rack of...More
"This was the highlight of our trip to Phuket!
Great food, excellent service, cosy atmosphere!!!
The fusion food was a combination of Asian, Latinamerican and French cuisine- we absolutely enjoyed it!"
We just had an absolutely fabulous dinner here! Chef is a real professional and a very nice men! Very friendly and professional staff! Not cheap but worst every penny spent! Highly recommended!
This small but intimate restaurant is well worth a visit, professional and friendly service which offers a warm and friendly atmosphere. The menu offers a an extensive choice of wonderful food offering something too suit everyone's taste at a very reasonable price. One not too...More
We decided to visit this restaurant based on the strength of the ratings in TA. However, when we arrived, our hearts sank. We drove nearly 1 hour to get to a small and decrepit looking establishment that had no customers. Old and cheap looking menus...More
We wanted to try DeDos for a special dinner with family visitors. There was nothing actually wrong with the food, it was just a little passé and predictable and a bit too rich and heavy. The oysters were not available and we were promised crepe...More
We had the joy of dinning at DeDos during our stay in Phuket and we loved every minute of it. The food was fantastic, the restaurant is cozy and the staff couldn't be nicer. Dinning at DeDos was the high-point of our culinary experience in...More
Dedos catered for my latest birthday party at home. Professional service and freshly prepared and stunningly tasty canapés. We love the restaurant too for high end sophisticated dining. A great find in Phuket.
We stopped here on a whim & because of the time of year, there was certainly no issue with crowds. Service is impeccable although I can't quite get used to the waiters hovering so attentively. Food was very good (but not exceptional - my dish...More
good food , nice deco , fine dinning . sometimes the food is too salty but most of time is good . not cheap , special occasion place .
Multiple complimentary flavours and complimentary delivery. Service team were spot on. Chic yet not over the top decor. Fabulous chef!
We have visited DeDos and i was satisfied with food and service. The place was clean and it was nice spending time for dinner here.
The service is very nice, food is yummy. There are some French dishes but not all. The food comes with a good portion and worth for its price.
"I had a girls dinner here with my 2 friends. It was a particularly hot evening and we were just unable to get the room cool enough to not be sweaty.
The food was yummy and of good quality however, the menu selection and presentation...More"
"Dropped in 2 times last year and just today again.
Service is very good and the kitchen has remained first class.
Let it be the beef tartar or the frog legs or the spaghetti with everything you can dream of from a fish market. Steak...More"
The fish Dory was pretty tasteless but the mushroom sauce was good. I was asked if I wanted water to which I said yes and specified the requirement for Normal water. To my surprise, was charged B100 for a bottle of Evian water and on...More
Small and extremely busy restaurant so reservation a must. Beautifully decorated with extra seating upstairs. We were a party of 5, all ordering different things but all the food was very good and well presented. There is something for everyone on the menu. A bit...More
"We have been in De Dos on Friday week ago and it was my second time there.
Xmas eve dinner was fine but last time :((
I had seafood pasta and it was disgusting. Small scallops and mussels were not fresh so test of sauce...More"
Had fab steaks the first twice but last time steaks not so good disappointed as lovely restaurant and wonderful staff
Thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here in Phuket - husband had the lamb and it was out of this world! Cooked to perfection and accompanied by amazing gratin. I had the most fantastic foie gras with brioche and fig and can't overstate how amazing that was....More
We were in this restaurant several years ago, the day before yesterday and yesterday. It was a great pleasure to meet the same chef and staff and of course to have delicious dinners!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>The menu is not big but each dish is a masterpiece<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>its also important...More
"Only occasionally do I need a break from thai food and when I do, I like something reasonably simple, well presented and above all tasty.
From the reviews on TripAdvisor and the advertised link to Paul Bocuse I had high expectations, but sadly this failed...More"
My experience of this restaurant is very mixed. My husband and I had dinner there and it started out brilliantly! The carrot and ginger complimentary 'cappuccino' was absolutely delicious :). However, I had warned the staff that I cannot eat anything with garlic in it....More
Friendly service, good food but the price was way over the top. The interior is a bit tacky and the food was presented unnecessarily grandly. It did not quite work as an overall style. We paid 2/3rd the price for better food/atmosphere next door.
We have been there for a family dinner. When we arrived we were surprised by the place. It is a small, almost hidden chef restaurant circled by touristic places. The restaurant is along a big road. We had been looking more for beach restaurants so...More
Quiet ambience. Excellent service. food was the best we had here. Worth every penny spent. Dinner here is a.must
"The menu is quite extensive with a lot to choose from.
Every dish we had was excellent and alot of effort was put into the presentation. Service was perfect."
"This restaurant offers excellent dinner food, sitting in a very clean room with table cloth (!) and very good service
Excellent Tournedos Rossini
Wine very good )Marques de Ribeiro)
Price justified
I will come back for sure! Living in Phuket this restaurant offers a good...More"
We had a wonderful evening at Dedos.The restaurant is looks so good.The service excellent.And the food is delicious.Thank you for the nice service..We gonna come back defenitly.
"We visited Dedos with another couple as we wanted to try the Fois Gras ...... other than being dissapointed with the food we were nearly knocked over by the prices! It is not value for money at all...
The food was cooked very well but...More"
The owner Pablo is just an amazing cook and you can talk to him in english or swiss language! The restaurant is small but very nice and has a touch of luxury. You will be treated like a king by the staff and they can...More
"Menu choice and food were excellent. Well presented and waitress very knowledgeable about food and it's preparation.
Chef/owner very friendly and keen to ensure everything was just right.
House white wine good choice and value.
Pick up service from hotel perfect."
"There with my friends and we had dinner upstairs and very pleasant
The service was good and the food was very new wave"
Oriental/classic setting with an interesting menu with "bundled" choices. Let them advise you and you will be pleased.
It is always a pleasure to return to Dedos every time we are in Phuket. Great appetizer like ceviche, lobster bisque, Gambas al ajilio. For the main, the beef with foie gras or lamb are my favorite. Service is good and kind. Wine list has...More
We came here on our final evening in Phuket and very much wished it had been our first so we could come again. We have eaten in many restaurants over the last 20 years, so it is something when we say we had one of...More
"I don't know what it is about Chef owned restaurants? Perhaps a quality chef with freedom to express is the right recipe for an ownership structure.
Bottom line is of this Resturant was in a major city it would have 1 or 2 Michelin stars....More"
After an excellent dinner at a nearby restaurant (which I wrote a review for on TripAdvisor as well), we decided to pop by DeDos for a mid evening dinner. I wasn't hungry at all but had seen good reviews of this place so I decided...More
What a find! Our first evening in Phuket and exploring the village outside the Laguna complex. Not sure where to eat when suddenly a downpour caught us out. We were welcomed into a small place and seated upstairs. When we saw the menu we realised...More
There are far much more better dining options in the area. Small portions, unreasonably high prices.
"Okay it isn't asian food. It is fine dining at its best. Not over the top, it's a quaint set up that focuses on the Gastronomic experience.
We had a bunch of the entrees, the tartar was the highlight as well as the pasta with...More"
If you come to Phuket be sure to stop and eat here. great food and service. There are also shuttle from Laguna which is great. Perfect combination of local and tourist hangot and dine.
"While having afternoon tea in our hotel lobby we overheard some other guests talking about a restaurant which is run by a Swiss chef. They advised us about DeDos. What a great advise it was.
DeDos has a pick-up service which is really handy. Our...More"
Very friendly staffs, but then again it appears the whole of phuket have friendly people. Food is fine dining and may be a bit pricey for the experience is well worth it. They even provide transport to and from hotel. Online reservation available at their...More
We are very surprise to find such a good French restaurant in Phuket. The truffle pasta is really good. Entree is amazing .
Must visit this place if you stay in the laguna area. They have free pick-up service. Don't forget to try some of the nice coctails!
"It was just okay. It could have been a lot better but our food was served cold which was a huge disappointment at those prices.
The Caesar salad should have been described as a bacon lettuce wrap. The steak tartare was warm.
The wine is...More"
Initially we were a bit skeptical of a French fusion type restaurant in Thailand, but we were quickly converted. Our favorite was the scallop entree, with scallops cooked to absolute perfection in a beautifully balanced sauce. We also enjoyed the tartare duo for entree. Mains...More
A very reliable place, have been a number of times,mainly for Tapas and drinks with friends,affordable and wonderful Thai service.
This is a cute little fine dining restaurant that we just happened to come across and decided to try last minute. We were not disappointed. The menu is kind of small but all the dishes looked great making it hard to decide. The menu is...More
"We walked outside the Laguna main entrance and found Dedos. A small restaurant offering a fusion of Asian, Italian and French Cuisine. Food was excellent and the service was great.
Sashimi and Seabass were great.
Great dining experience."
"great food, affordable and great service
we love coming here whenever we are in Phuket. walking distance to our hotel and a lot of shops and restaurant around the area"
It was our first time in Thailand and in Phuket for that matter. We are massive lovers of fine dining and appreciate and applaud the art of cooking. As a couple, we have travelled a lot and currently live in Los Angeles where there are...More
"We came to this restaurant two years ago and couldn't wait to eat there again.
It was simply fantastic in every way. The food is delicious and presented impeccably as with the cocktails. Delightful attentive staff. I can't recommend this restaurant enough."
"Had dinner in this great place 2 times and both Visits have been Highlights.
Lot of ok places in bang tao as well as surin beach area but DeDos is outstanding. Service as well as atmosphere supported by top quality products. We will go again...More"
We sat and the menu sounded great! Unfortunately we had vegetarian friends with us and there was not a single option for them. We had to change our plans and pick another place for dinner.
We visited here on the last night of our holiday. The food was excellent, and well worth future visits.The evening of our visit was a religious festival, and therefore no alcohol could be served. This was fine,and I would say, it would have proved quite...More
Definitely the best meals we have had whilst visiting Phuket, a must for anyone to try. You won't be disappointed
We celebrated my dad's 75th birthday with 31 of his closest friends and family in Phuket. I chose Dedos as the venue for the first night and our guests were absolutely delighted! I had liaisoned with Chef Pablo from India and he was very accommodating...More
Great venue love going here not cheap however well worth the money.Service first class food just right, when your leaving you just won't to go there again fantastic meal and nice wine.
Recommended by the hotel staff / friend and based on the tripadvisor review, we came here for dinner. Not full house hence we enjoyed the quiet atmosphere. Wonderful food with good selection of French wine. Given this is a French restaurant, I ordered the Crêpe...More
Went there for dessert only following some recommendations for crepes suzette. Tried their wine which was good quality for the price. It's hard to find a good wine in Thailand. The crêpes were great but a bit sweet for my taste. The place was full...More
we found this gem through an article in a german travel guide, Marco Polo that had it registred as a secret tip and referred to it as a unique experience. We were absolutly delighted to visit this world of culinary art that we had never...More
Last night we went there and really enjoyed the special taste of food and also lovely atmosphere, the waiters are very polite, and Mr. Chief also cares a lot for his customers,,,, highly recommended place to have wonderful french cuisine !!!!
Decided to try this restaurant having passed it by many times when in Phuket. The complimentary soup was tasty but the sea bass did not taste the freshest and the wagymu steak was tender but fatty. The ice cream with espresso and amaretto was watery...More
Very good European level cuisine. Very tasty food for very good money. Transfers are provided for free for all Laguna's hotels guests. Try Crêpe Suzette here and you will be back.
We decided to give this a try as we had eaten at Paul Bocuse Restaurant in Lyon. Situated near to our hotel, that offer a free taxi pick up service. Having asked if there was a bar area to have pre dinner drinks and told...More
I made reservations online and Chef Pablo personally replied to my email. We were picked up at the Hotel lobby on time (6 adults and 2 kids). Were greeted at the restaurant and our table was ready. Top notch service from cocktails...everything was delicious and...More
I visited again this fantastic little Restaurant twice this week. The food is absolutaly outstanding and the service is excellence. This is the place for food lovers
"The food was superb, great pasta, salads and deserts. Service was friendly knowledgable and efficient, however .............
We were seated upstairs with several Russian families with young children. They ran riot, climbing under tables, playing hide and seek, i tripped over one coming back from...More"
Visited twice on our most recent trip.. Even during the very busy Christmas and New Year period the food was excellent and the service very good
Dinned here twice now during our 2 week stay. I had Gamberoli to start and then the duck my partner had they same starter but followed with Sea bass all was excellent we were both in agreement. Not on the cheapside but definitely worth it....More
De Do's has a lovely ambience, food and menu. A nice twist to fusion food without being too overwhelming. Everything we ordered was excellent!
Don't be put off if it's quiet, really good food. Service was great and they accommodate kids no problem
Interesting menu, chef trying to be innovative, but not always successful. The duck breast stuffed with prawns was just not quite right. The sauce was great, but my duck was tough and over cooked, prawns overcooked too. Loved the tuna and salmon tartares. Good service,...More
My wife and I and two children had an excellent dinner at DeDos on 30 october 2015. The food was excellent, the service was excellent. We returned to the restaurant the next day. The chef came to talk with us after our dinner. We will...More
"Dedos is a French restaurant with Asian touch just outsie of Phuket Lagoona.
The food is exellent, the service is perfect and the prices are reasonable for such kind of restaurant. The chef and his wife are very friendly and even pick you up from...More"
my husband and I had a wonderful anniversary dinner at dedos last night. the food was awesome. the service was excellent. we felt comfortable from the moment that we walked in the door. the chef even took time to talk to us after our dinner....More
"Very good food we shared the foie gras ravioli, then Sea Bass and also Rack of Lamb with the DeDos mouse shared to finish all great tastes and well cooked
Staff were attentive but not imposing so added to a great experience
Would definitely visit...More"
First visit in that restaurant (we had many good recommendations), but not the last for sure! Very nice aperitif, delicious starters (4 scallops perfectly cooked and frog legs), and fine main course (flight & tide and duck breast, delicious). No more dessert (we were "im")...More
I went to this restaurant during our stay in Phuket Laguna. They sent a shuttle to pick us up from the hotel and drop us back free of charge and the waitresses met us with umbrellas as it was raining. The service was great and...More
The service was excellent. The duck was cooked to perfection. Thoroughly enjoyable meal. A must try when in Phuket! Will definitely go again
We came here to celebrate our engagement and it was fantastic. DeDos can be compared to Londons Asia De Cuba and is truely michelin star worthy.
"We were picked up from our hotel bag on schedule and had a pleasant chat with the manageress (?) or at the very least the chef's girlfriend on the ride in.
It was Mother's Day in Thailand on this particular night and upon arrival my...More"
Lovely restaurant owner by a South American-Swiss chef. Everything was good, but his tartare was truly noteworthy. Go have a drink at Siam Supper Club next door pre-/post-dinner.
This place is a little more pricey than a few restaurants in the area, but extra price is always to be expected with French gastronomy. The food was incredible, as was the mango delight cocktail (kinda spicy). Only negative thing was it was a little...More
Good quality food and wine with very good (too good) service. The chef is a little wasted in this size restaurant but that is good for us locals
During our honeymoon we went here to have dinner at it was excellent. The chef actually made it to our table to introduce himself and check up on us. Food was reasonably priced and good portions. excellent meat!
"This restaurant was recommended to us by a local boutique owner, who claimed Tantra restaurant being one of the two best Indian restaurants in Phuket and he was absolutely right.
We were welcomed by the friendly owner and decided to sit on the floor with...More"
"during our visit to beautiful phuket we had dinner at these place every day.
its located quiet centrally near patong beach.
the taste and quality of food is really good.
specially daal tadka and jeera rice.
usp of these place is indian sitting area on...More"
Frankly you sometimes don’t expect a great deal on Patong’s sea front offerings, but the restaurant is nice and cool within, pleasant enough to be in. The staff are very young, bar one or two. (Can the world of waiting staff PLEASE,PLEASE leave your mobiles...More
"Entrees were great but the mains were average, prices were same as back home in Australia so not a cheap meal
Could not fault the service though"
"The restaurant offers good Indian food at reasonable prices.
However, the waiter accidentally brought me a hot variant of a curry instead of the mild one that I ordered. It was extremely hot! Nonetheless, they gave me the mild version afterwards."
While on a trip to Patong beach, we came across an Indian restaurant by the name Tantra. We decided to have our lunch at this place. We were delighted to hear the waiter speak in hindi and we had no problem in placing our order,...More
"Food was awesome and staff are very friendly and service is also high standard. In my every visit to patong i have the indian food to this place.
Always i like this place."
"Had lunch & dinner for last 2 days was happy & satisfied with the food & service given by the Manager (D.Singh) who was a professional. He helped us to choose the different for (lunch & dinner).
So we decided to go again Tantra for...More"
We had an incredible dinner here. The food was the most delicious Indian we’ve ever experienced, throw in amazing drinks and fantastic service and we truly had the best dining experience in the 10 years we’ve been coming to Phuket!
We had been here before and were happy with it this time .Disappointing staff weren't friendly. And a particular waitress keeper staring over and giving nasty looks ..couldn't wait to leave food wasn't good same sauce for 2 different dishes 1just had extra onion
The best Indian in Thailand hands down! Amazing food, amazing service and atmosphere! You must check this place out while in town!
Food was awesome,service was ultimate,ambience is perfect,choice of background songs was very soothing.thumbs up to the staff.loved the food.just go for this place without searching for any other indian food restaurant in patong..!!!
The restaurant is very strategically located and has a very good ambience. This is the reason I got trapped into eating some dishes which were not Indian but sold as Indian. Worst was Mushroom Masala, followed by Dal Makahni which was stale too, and followed...More
Visited here for an Indian meal and had a cheese/garlic naan and butter chicken. The staff were friendly and the restaurant had free wifi and air conditioning. The cheese and garlic naan wasn't as cheesy as I am used to, but certainly enough cheese. The...More
"Was an extremely enjoyable Indian feed, highly recommended.
The staff were extremely attentive and paced our service well.
The onion Bhakti was the best we have had including at home in Australia.
The dishes and naan bread were fresh and full of flavour.
Thoroughly recommended."
"Hygienic and fresh food
Little bit costly but very good taste
Walking distance from patong beach and bangla road."
The staff were very friendly and the food was delicious! We visited this restaurant twice and would not hesitate to return again!
I ordered food worth 1000 tbh but they were levying delivery charges of 300 tbh extra which in no means is fair. When I said it's too much for just 2.5kms of distance, he kept on negotiating and then suggesting me to come to their...More
We have tried some dishes of the Indian kitchen and we have been extremely satisfied. The food (especially the lamb and the chicken) was excellent, the service very professional and kind. Very good house white wine
This restaurant is in Patong area. We were vegetarians. After few days of touring going for Indian food was a treat and we choose Tantra. They have table seating and typical Indian floor seating. The food order was taken by a Thai girl who was...More
If you’re in the mood for Indian food I recommend this place. Delicious flavorful food, reasonably priced and friendly staff.
Loved this place excellent food, staff very friendly and grest value for money. Would highly recommend you give it a try
If you are in patong, get yourself a tuk tuk and come here. Food is absolutely amazing. Sauces are incredible tasty and full of flavour. Service is good as well. Authentic Indian.
Searching around to have dinner in Phuket on the 20th, we just walked into this place seeing that it was being patronised by quite a few people. We were pleasantly surprised by the quality as well as the quantity served. For a meal for 5,...More
"Very good Indian food.
Dal Tadka was delicious and also tht Paneer chilly
Ambience is also good....."
Great place to have Indian food , situated at Patong Beach. Polite and professional staff. Quantity of food is very good. I will suggest thus restaurant.
This is a great Indian restaurant on the patong beach. The food was good and Onion Lakota and Masala Chai. The cook a great Dal Tadka and decent Tandoori murg and can pack takeaway orders. The ambience is also good. Shout out to Mr. Dharmendra...More
pleasant interiors and nice welcome . we were a group of 8 with both veg and non veg food requirements. Prompt service backed by good food, especially the non veg food. will recommend this place to one and all.
On our recent visit to Patong, while staying in Holiday In express patong beach central we visited this restaurant multiple times at night. The food, ambiance, staff and prices are all very nice. Most importantly you can enjoy the real taste of Indian cuisine. in...More
For all those who have visited Phuket, u know vegetarian food is so hard to get...but thank God for Tantra, we had the best veggie north indian food, not just in Thailand but it gives many authentic indian restaurants a total run for their money!!...More
Some of the best Indian food I’ve had. Ordered the paneer for appetizer and it was delicious! Then got the chicken korma And chicken tikka. Naan was to die for. Highly recommend if you’re in the mood for Indian food.
I come every year, when in Thailand at least once to Tantra. For many years now, they prepare the best Indian food. Since the last visit last year I went to some Indian restaurants in Switzerland and abroad, but I am still looking forward for...More
I liked the ambience of sitting down and having dinner. Food is good, you can try it once. The price is bit costly. Overall on ok experience.
"This place is one the best to go, just added to the relaxation and was nice vacation, staff is really good-Savadhika !
They have good rooms and view as well as next to sea gives great experience. Love the place"
Having tried a lot of Indian restaurants here we can vouch for Tantra as one of the best there is..Good quality food, clean , good management by Mr Dharmendra .. adding to the nice ambiance the price is realistic.. worth a visit when you crave...More
The food was totally not upto the rank. The dal makhni was not even close to it and paneer was also not that good. Not recommended if you are looking for nice Indian food. Their are other Indian restaurants near by.
£30 for two starter/biryanis and a beer and coke...no personal touches and the waitress gave me my starter cutlery to use for my main... I understand this is not Britain but it didn’t even taste like the biryanis I’m used to...as I say. Not again
"This place is very centrally located,near to the beach and patong.
We went for lunch at 4:00 pm aprox., and it was almost empty. The service was quick and nice.
Ordered the butter chicken and it was good average. Rice and naan delicious."
Fantastic lamb dishes, great naan & brilliant service. If your looking for a good Indian restaurant in Patong then look no further. We ate as a family of 5 & all left very very happy with the meal.. 5* food & service.
Mouth watering Indian food we visited tantra restaurant thrice during our visit to Phuket ,Restaurant incharge Mr. Dhiru was very helpful as he arranged a very beautiful Birthday cake for my daughter & helped us celebrate her birthday at Tantra making it a memorable experience...More
This place is situated near one of the busiest places of Phuket. We ordered Naan and Matar paneer. The naan was soft and delicious, The curry was decent - was a bit sweet. The seating area on the floor is fascinating.
Been there twice with friends. good food. Abit difficult to communicate with waiter/waitress, sometime they dont understand what we were saying lol
I have been all over the world and eaten a LOT of curries! This particular place ticked all the boxes and served really nice Indian food at a competitive price. It doesn't look all that great from the outside but the food is definitely worth...More
Amazing food, amazing service and amazing plays <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> will definitely come back soon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> I like spice food and asked for spicy and it was perfect....
"<U+D0C0><U+C774> <U+C74C><U+C2DD><U+C810><U+C73C><U+B85C> <U+AC80><U+C0C9><U+D574><U+C11C> <U+AC14><U+B294><U+B370> <U+C778><U+B3C4> <U+C74C><U+C2DD><U+C810><U+C774><U+C5C8><U+C2B5><U+B2C8><U+B2E4>.
<U+ADF8><U+B807><U+C9C0><U+B9CC> <U+B9E4><U+C6B0> <U+B9CC><U+C871><U+C2A4><U+B7F0> <U+C2DD><U+C0AC><U+C600><U+C2B5><U+B2C8><U+B2E4>.
<U+AC00><U+AC8C> <U+BD84><U+C704><U+AE30><U+B3C4> <U+C88B><U+ACE0> <U+C9C1><U+C6D0><U+BD84><U+B4E4><U+B3C4> <U+CE5C><U+C808><U+D558><U+C2ED><U+B2C8><U+B2E4>.
<U+C131><U+C778> <U+B0A8><U+C131> 4<U+BA85><U+C774><U+C11C> <U+CE74><U+B808> 2<U+AC1C> <U+B09C> 4<U+AC1C> <U+D0C4><U+B450><U+B9AC><U+CE58><U+D0A8> <U+D558><U+B098> <U+BC25> 2<U+AC1C> <U+C2DC><U+CF30><U+C2B5><U+B2C8><U+B2E4>. <U+BC25><U+C774> <U+B0A8><U+C544> <U+CE74><U+B808> 1<U+AC1C> <U+CD94><U+AC00><U+D588><U+C2B5><U+B2C8><U+B2E4>.
<U+D3C9><U+C18C><U+C5D0> <U+C778><U+B3C4> <U+C74C><U+C2DD> <U+B9C8><U+B2C8><U+C544><U+C778> <U+CE5C><U+AD6C><U+AC00> <U+CE6D><U+CC2C><U+D560> <U+C815><U+B3C4><U+B85C> <U+B9DB><U+C774> <U+C88B><U+C2B5><U+B2C8><U+B2E4>. <U+D0C4><U+B450><U+B9AC> <U+CE58><U+D0A8><U+B3C4> <U+BD80><U+B4DC><U+B7EC><U+C6E0><U+C2B5><U+B2C8><U+B2E4>.
It's...More"
We were very happy with both of the chicken dishes we ordered - butter chicken and chicken tika massal. Both were flavorful and correctly spiced. The naan was good as well, but wish they had garlic naan as an option. The service was friendly and...More
We 3 persons had Dinner yesterday and we find this one is good. All the taste were very much close to India. Especially there Dal Tarka and Lacha Parantha worth a Try. With 2 Dishes and Breads the bill comes to 800 THB. Just their...More
The best INDIAN food in Thailand. Feels u are like in India. The best part of everything was sitting arrangement
After 2 months holiday from our indian restaurant in pafos of cyprus looking desparate for indian food...flavores that we use to have in our lives for everday for 9 month we found this restaurand and is really good ...so happy to try it...chefs curry...ch t...More
Very nice food quality, staff is very cooperative and ambience of property is very good even you can find dastarkhan here for pure indian typical ambience. Non veg is halal here
Went here on the off chance as we were starving. Friendly welcome, great service and delicious food. Staff seemed happy to me!
"We were in Patong beach for a week and ate here nearly every night.
Their food was delicious, full of flavour
There is seating outside and inside.
Excellent food, friendly staff and an overall good food. Open till late and they deliver. It is advisable...More"
SO GOOD! Delicious indian food and naan! We got the raisin naan, chicken skewers, and eggplant and it was perfect! Cool seating and vibe, perfect place to pop in for lunch ! Staff was amazing as well! Healthy and light, which is what we like!
Fantastic food, all fresh and 10/10. The saag aloo was out of this world. Contemplating getting a plane back to Thailand next month to sample this place again!
Visiting Tantra is like a habit which will never go away. Whenever I am in Patong itz must to go and have food in Tantra. The manager and staffs are very polite and makes sure that I am comfortable and food is as ordered. If...More
Went in to make a reservation and they were so kind and waited for us until we showed, they gave us a place at the back where we all sat on comfy cushions and we really felt Indian as we all sat on the floor...More
"I went on my first trip to Thailand in April 2017, my partner and I wanted to find some different places to eat other than maccas and Burger King so we found tantra on google and decided to try it out!
The man standing out...More"
I could not say anything negative about this place other than the chicken was over cooked so a little tough, none of the food needed sent back or anything, but on the other hand I also have nothing great to say other than how cheap...More
"Indian restaurant which has predominantly Indian staff I don’t rate this high. It was very busy and I felt I they wanted me in and out the door as quickly as possible.
The local girls look like they hate their job and are not treated...More"
"The Indian food here is the Best around Patong. You wont miss Indian food & settles all your cravings. They Serve you on the Floor Beds which are comfortable and different.
The Ambience is Just awesome & they play Indian music as well. I went...More"
We are vegetarians and I never imagined I would eat in an Indian restaurant in Thailand as I was only interested to eat Thai food! But we were curious and wanted to try. We were absolutely surprised. This was one of the best Indian food...More
"We ordered palak paneer and paneer tika, steamed rice and cheese naan. Eveything was very good. However, if you like spicy food, don't hesitate to say yes when they ask. We were a bit careful and ended up without any chili :)
Many of the...More"
Do not try any other Indian restaurants because this is the place which offers best food. They serve both veg and non-veg and do not have separate kitchens but the food quality/taste is very Indian. Hindi-speaking staff is there, ambience is really good.
This is the best restaurant in Patong for Indian food. We are vegetarians and we loved the food. Onion Bhaji is must eat!
This place was a risky try out at first, when we entered as we were looking for a pure veg experience but being a mix cuisine joint we were a bit skeptical about it. Me and my friends ordered chole bhature to try out one...More
Over hyped restaurant, gothic appearance, average quality food and uninterested staff! The worst restaurant I have ever been to..
Great indian food. Nan and briyani were delicious and prices are reasonable. Staff are attentive and friendly. It is also a halal restaurant.
Nice to have a good Indian after all the Thai food!. Good value for the portion sizes. Expect to pay 1400 for 2 starters plus 2 mains and few drinks. Chicken pakoras were delish with variety of sauces. Recommend.
If you are looking for some Great Taste of Indian Cuisine in Phuket, Thailand than you must go to Tantra.
Nice place, but the food and service was just OK. Took some time before we got served, and the staff was not even half as polite as we’ve been spoiled with on most restaurants in Thailand. Quite small servings and OK prices.
It is a very nice Indian restaurant. We went to other Indian restaurants nearby but by far Tantra is the best. A must visit if you are really looking for amazing home like food.
Despite the poor chap who ended up for food poisoning from the butter chicken, I took the plunge and ordered it as it’s one of my fav’s. I’m so glad I did as it was lovely. And the ginger chicken I had to start was...More
"We had such a good time at tantra.
The food was delicious! We had 3 different vegererian dishes and they were all done with perfection.
Very friendly staff<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>"
I ate some butter chicken masala and one nan bread. The service was okay and the restaurant looked somewhat nice and clean. The staff was helpful thought not to good at English. The food arrived rather quick and looked great but maybe to little sause...More
Highly recommend. The food was delicious, service was impeccable and ambience was traditional i have been twice in the span of a week.
"Delicious and high quality food in a quiet and beautiful place; very nice and polite staff.
Should visit!"
The interiors of the place are very good and not like any other Indian restaurant in patong , The food is extraordinary & authentic though expensive
A friend recommend Tantra as a must and it did not disappoint! Could not fault the food at all except I did not like the coriander on the garlic nan. Great all round though!
My most favourite Indian food restaurant in Phuket. The food is delicious and the atmosphere is nice. Got a chance to talk with the owner, very kind and friendly. We will come back!
All the food we are were amazing. And on top of that, the staff were very friendly, and the service was quick! Highly recommend this place if you are in the area! :)
we were searching for some Indian food and searched came across Tantra and I must say food and service was good. A must visit if you love Indian food.
The Chicken Marsala was amazing and everybody else in my party was happy with the food. Service was quick and professional.
Food was good, the manager was really nice and helpful. It's a little bit more pricey than other places. The only let down was the dips with the papadum's where really runny and a bit tasteless but overall I would return.
Amazing cozy and genuine restaurant near the beach, dishes were fantastic and very good standard of service at the good price. Highly recommended to the Indian food lovers! Don't miss it.
We went to Tantra twice in a week as its delicious. Chicken tikka is great, but if your not into spicy food, don't use the mint dip as it will burn your mouth. Chicken korma, lamb madras, Jerry rice, garlic nann and raita all delicious...More
I was bored of all food. Thai food or steak. so I was thinking to go eat something I rarely eat. well after check all review on the site. I choosen this place. I was nice experience here. friendly staffs and delicious food. I dont...More
Walking by you might underestimate this place as it looks like your average restaurant from the outside by we were positively surprised by this place after giving it a try through tripadvisor's recommendation. We've had the pleasure of eating at different Indian restaurants in different...More
Loved the atmosphere sitting on comfy floor cushions with Bollywood videos playing on the tv. Food was great, especially the garlic naan. Got the vegetable pakoras and my partner ate a fried chilli thinking it was a green bean much to his mouths surprise it...More
I was dining there today at lunchtime alone and was absolutely happy with the food. The garlic naan is incredible! They have a great variety of vegetarian dishes and the prices are fine. The owner is a very nice guy and their cook is excellent.
Missing the Saturday curry night back in the UK so we tried this restaurant to see how it compared. Service was good, but limited menu, the food however was to a high standard and made to suit our varying tastes in strength. The lamb rogen...More
I came here with my family and we really enjoyed the food and atmosphere, they have very delicious spicy food.. Try the chili prawns if you like spicy food.
Nice restaurant. Average biryani yet the best!!! butter chicken I have ever had in my life. Excellent menu and very delicious starters. One point though for those who are ok with medium level of spices I suggest you request "very less" spices or you'll burn...More
The food was amazing here the staff were very friendly and the food was amazing! You had the option to sit at a table or on the floor which was nice and the food was priced perfectly. I defiantly over ate at this place and...More
Dharmendra was Awesome , very nice place , very safe and felt like India. Food , chefs are of great quality , best thing was we left our kids for approx 1-2 hours and went for shopping and it was quite safe, very nice ambience...More
Went to Tantra on 2 occasions with friends for dinner. On both occasions the food was great and the staff were very attentive. The chicken vindaloo and the black lentil curry were standouts for me. If you love your Indian fix this is a must...More
"It's that place u remember their food forever, the food is amazingly delicious that u want to eat and eat and eat.....
Ps: its 12.30 Am and they are close now otherwise I would go for second dinner <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0086>"
Visited the restaurant during our stay in Phuket. The Manager, Mr. Dharmendra was very accommodating as he served us a few dishes which were not on the menu. The food was reasonably priced and was value for money. The Chicken Tikka was very tender and...More
Tantra is one of the best restaurant in phuket , near patong beach. Affordable prices with very good taste and quality of food they serve.
Went for lunch. The Dal Makhani was quite sweet and drooling of butter. Tasted ok. The Mutton Rogan Josh wasn't bad but again had raw pieces of lamb which weren't at all eatable, basically the dish wasn't properly cooked. The peshawari naan was delicious. Overall...More
Dined here for a night with positive feedback overall for the food and services. The lamb option was good however the Tanduri was bit of a disappointment as i thought it was a little under grilled but definitely a 4 out of 5 experience.
Amazing little restaurant. Unique décor with excellent food and service. This was a return visit for us and we were not disappointed.
Super surprised the first question they asked was do you want it spicy! When I ordered my Pad Thai! I replied with a big fat “YES” wow was it delicious, I eaten the whole lot and it was a big serving as well! Good prices!...More
Eaten at this restaurant 3years ago came back with family & very pleased to see nothing has changed. Food standards still high great tasting food,wonderful service & nice touch of free lime sorbet for desert.
"Staff here are so friendly and welcoming. The food was excellent, we returned more than once to try new food and all of it was exceptional including the set meal.
The owner was more than accommodating and took time out to discuss the recipes with...More"
staff were lovely and I like how the restaurant has plants in the front to give privacy as we ate. The food was delicious and very quick to bring out even when it was fairly busy. Reasonable price for the size meal. Was able to...More
Restaurant was bustling when we arrived but we waited just a few minutes for a table. Service was very good and food we shared was delicious. Vegetables in Soya and Green Curry stand out.
Great food friendly staff a must visit. We didn’t go till our second week then two nights together would have gone more if we had tried earlier.
Thrilled to find this tiny restaurant on a quiet side street leading to Old Phuket Hotel. Walled in by plants, a cosy intimate feel away from the bustle, quiet jazz music, very courteous staff, and the nicest food I’ve had in Phuket so far. Also...More
We liked this place 3 years ago and enjoyed it as much this time. It's a really nice setting and the music is chilling. We ordered the steak with Thai sauce which I raved about last time but it was just ok and Luke warm,...More
This small restaurant is actually owned and run by the nearby Old Phuket Hotel and is situated on a quiet alley between the hotel and the main beach strip. It’s quiet with charmingly rustic decor and is walled by plants. The staff are charming and...More
"Light music, hidden behind green plants.
Tasty Thai food, friendly served.
Our grand daughter wrote here name on the wall, we will check it out next time we are in Karon."
We spent 4 nights in Phuket and two of those having dinner at Bai Toey. The staff are very courteous and happy. The food is very well prepared and authentic. The ambiance is quaint and cosy.
This restaurant is located off the main road in Karon and it was like an oasis to us. We went there about 3 times with our group.It is surrounded by plants so it is pretty cozy and quiet. Food and service was excellent! I loved...More
"This wonderful restaurant offers free appertizers (some sort of prawn chips or crackers) and free small dessert (lemon sorbet) every time.
The decor is quite kitsch and charming at the same time. The most of the tables are outside and the indoor area is tiny....More"
Had dinner here on our first night in Karon. Great food and atmosphere. Great lime sorbet to finish the meal. Kids loved the teddy bear shaped rice. Highly recommend.
"We ate at this restaurant many times during our two weeks trip to Karon Beach. The Place looks different than many other restaurants and serves a positive experience both from service and quality of the food perspective.
It is nothing special, but everything works and...More"
"Quite a tropical looking restaurant with lots of plants. Also had messages written on the walls from previous customers. A nice touch.
Friendly service from the waitresses.
We all had Thai dishes and they were all good. No complaints.
Only negative was that we were...More"
"The restaurant is so good that we decided to come for the second night.
Even more, it is in a very nice side street, far from the traffic of the main road.
The location is very singular and the waitress are really nice.
Price in...More"
This restaurant is by far the best in Karon! Not only is it a beautiful place to sit the food is amazing! Me and my husband visited here twice as we loved it so much. Service is wonderful, could have easily eaten here every night!
Without any doubts this is by far the most authentic thai restaurante in Karon. Only negative point is: after you tried the pangan curry you never wanna taste something else!!
We went to this lovely restaurant on the second day and came back every single day of our holiday Great music, amazing service (my special thanks to the Trainee FAH, i love your smile !!! :-)) and of course a sensationell decoration and nice atmosphere....More
This small friendly restaurant is tucked away from the beach road, covered in greenery. Lovely fresh tasty food, worth a revisit.
"I keep returning to this place over and over.
Green curry is amazing. Beef salad is also very good.
Staff is very attentive and polite"
We had a delicious Thai meal at Bai Toey that was wonderful from start to finish. The service was attentive and friendly without being overly intrusive, and we felt well looked after. The ambiance was relaxed and comfortable. And the food was lovely. I’m half-Thai...More
The Tom Yam Soup and Pat Thai noddles is delicious and during night time, they have more people dining in. It has a old school feeling and I like when they allow people to scribble over their walls with love messages. It's a romantic place...More
The best food we’ve had so far this holiday. The music, decor, staff and ambiance couldn’t of been any better. Very very impressed. I can’t fault the place and I would highly recommend. Thank you.
A local Thai friend recommended this place and we were not disappointed It was nice to also receive complementary prawn chips at start and a refreshing sorbet at end
"We chose the set menu 1 & 2 which were great value at 199THB each including a starter of Spring roll. All served freshly cooked.
Great value for each choice."
Perfect Thai dinner - fried Won Tons, delicious and authentic Tom Yum Chicken and Tom Kha Chicken as well as a dried red beef Curry. Finished off the dish with some amazing banana fritters - yum! A great place for a quiet romantic dinner that...More
I very enjoyed eating dinner at Bai Toey restaurant, It was a great night to spend time eating dinner there with a delicious meal. My family was enjoyed "Tom Yum Gung" and seafood fried rice the most, as the Thai locals suggested. Every plates of...More
"Had a lovely lunch here in Karon.
The Thai food was pretty original especially the popular papaya salad and the Tom Yam Gung or spicy prawns soup was very good."
It was a nice day to spend time as a family for lunch at Bai toey restaurant. The food were delicious especially "shrimp pad thai". It is the most popular food as Thais local said. I love the way how the restaurant was decorated "Classic"...More
"Well pop in on the off
Ordered beef with lemon grass..
Well what turned up well
Small dice beef and what I can only
Describe is lemon grass cut into
Match sticks literally had to pick
Then out one by one almost half a bowel...More"
We stopped here for dinner and were a little hesitant at first as there were only 2 other tables occupied. The seating is somewhat outdoor but covered. It is surrounded by plants which separates it from the street and gives privacy. We had the Vietnamese...More
A wonderful Thai restaurant close to our superb hotel called The Old a Phuket. Loved the green Thai curry and friendly service. We always eat here more than once on every trip to Phuket.
We went to this restaurant in 2009 so decided to try and find it again, which we did. The staff were lovely, the atmosphere was great and we even found where we had written on the wall in 2009. The food was ok but the...More
I was back again in this year and visited Bai Toey restaurant, the food at the restaurant still taste great. I had been try a new menu which is a Thai food set such as "Moo Hong" it was very delicious, and "shrimp fried rice"....More
It was great to spend time eatting dinner with my family here at Bai Toey restaurant. The local Thai food here were delicious and fair price. The restaurant is very well located with lovely environment. Only takes a few hundred metres walk from restaurant to...More
I ordered their special lunch and found the portions small and average, so I'm not returning, which is unfortunate... although I would expect lunch special to be a promotion for goodness, but it wasn't
Great fresh food and very reasonably priced. Quaint decor and friendly attentive staff - can't fault
I went here for a quick lunch of spring rolls and Thai fried rice. Staff were very nice, but discrete and subtle. Service was quick and the food really good. Bai Toey has a quirky decor which adds to its character, but the bottom line...More
Near to Karon beach, we were attracted by the restaurant surroundings. Thai food here are delicious and good value. Polite and friendly staffs. We had a dessert which is banana with coconut milk. Yummy yum yum which we love it so much. Highly recommended for...More
"It's quaint pebble flooring and garden setting, set it apart from the other tacky fluorescent lit tourist traps. The walls are covered with messages from guests around the world.. We keep coming back here every trip
We ate lunch and dinner here everyday! The chicken...More"
The place is near to old Phuket hotel. A small but decent restaurant with fine deco. The food is authentic Thai and the price is reasonable.
"We can only recommend this restaurant.
The food was great - I had shrimps with peanuts and my sister went for the green chicken curry.
It was delicious and nicely arranged.
The waitresses were very friendly and polite, always smiling.
Prices were reasonable, 560 baht...More"
We have been here twice during our stay. Wonderful clean Thai food in beautiful surroundings. Must give it a try.
We went here for an early dinner about four o'clock. Unfortunately we were disappointed in both the food and the service. Something was lost in translation as I asked if they had 99 baht cocktails, they said yes but we were charged full price. We...More
"We were there several times and enjoyed the Thai curries in their garden setting.
lovely staff and good value."
This charming little restaurant has a wide selection of Thai meals, all good value. The staff are welcoming and polite. The fruit smoothies are fantastic and refreshing. I had the lemongrass chicken which was packed full of flavour, however I personally did not like the...More
Great food at reasonable prices. The atmosphere was amazing and the restaurant had a an Old Phuket theme. The staff were friendly and prompt with service delivery. Highly recommended.
The food was excellent, I had panang beef and the deep fried chicken wontons. The service was fantastic. Staff were Very polite and welcoming. Atmosphere also great with jazz playing in the background.
This place was my favorite place of all the restaurants we ate at in Karon, the atmosphere is simply amazing, it's only a small place but was blown away by the food. The first visit was for dinner and we could not fault the food...More
Part of the Old Phuket Hotel and a reasonable place to eat. Mostly Thai food and not overly expensive.
Nice restaurant but ensure you have insect repellent on as you will probably be sitting outside. The green curry was really good, the basil chicken was tasty and the pork salad was nice. The pad Thai was nothing great and the rice comes in the...More
A small restaurant with quirky but very charming decor and fabulous inexpensive food. It's in a quiet street off the beach and away from noisy cars and motorbikes. Our nicest meal in Phuket.
Had two mains and two drinks each here and the bill came to 550 baht. The food was so tasty and the service was good. A nice restaurant too and easy for us from our hotel. We'll be going back again this holiday!
"Coming back again and again.
We had NO average dinning experience here. We have tasted most of the dishes and the best pannang curry
We will come back"
We had very nice dinner here. Food was amazing, especially massaman curry. Staff are very quick and friendly. Nice outside space. And very nice scoop of complimentary ice cream. Highly recommend.
"we only went because we had a discount voucher, but the food was great & service was very attentive
Bit more pricey than some other places in Karon Beach but good for a romantic night"
"Great Thai and western cuisine - comes out very quick.
The girls who run the restaurant are lovely and attentive.
The restaurant is decorated with scribing from customers who have visited in the past - really gives the restaurant a lovely atmosphere."
Eat here when we passed in front looking for a different restaurant, the cozy atmosphere was a pleasant change from everything and the Thai food was very good. Worth the try if you are looking for well cooked Thai food away from the big touristic...More
Really lovely food! Perfect service and a really lovely environment hidden away. All the dishes we ordered were fantastic and fresh a little more expensive than some other meals, but not by much, however would go back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
We had a lovely meal here on our first night in Phuket. It was affiliated with my hotel and was amazing. Well worth a visit for the quality of food and the price. Our whole meal and drinks was around £10 GBP. The staff were...More
We read about this place in my Lonely Planet guide so decided to try it after a day at Karon Beach. It was a bit of a walk, but it was a quite charming place. The food was good and the service attentive.
I loved this restaurant. Although it is on the road the plant screens make you feel like you could be anywhere. The food and service are both excellent and despite the range of restaurants, we chose to eat here twice as we enjoyed it so...More
We were on Karon Beach and took a walk to Patak Road for lunch. I highly recommend this place. The cold coconut juice was divine. Also had the shrimp Tom Yum soup and Shrimp Pad Thai noodles. The waitress was friendly and welcoming. We sat...More
Absolutely for Thai food lovers and staffs are good open minded with smiles. Great value and middle of Karon beach ( entrance to the old phuket hotel ) best atmosphere and peace with no traffic. Highly recommended Phaneng Gai , seafood salad , Tomyam goof...More
Wanted a lite bite for lunch and found this lovely quaint traditional Thai restaurant. Food was hot fresh and tasted lovely. Going back for a return meal tonight. Hope it doesn't disappoint.
We dined here on several occasions while in Phuket - food was amazing so kept coming back for me. Really good salads and very good soups. Excellent lunch spot very close to the beach
Our family of four had different thai dishes A d all of us we soo please with the food and the service. The paneng curry and the chicken cashew were really good. We'll definitely come back here during our Karon-stay.
What attracted me and my friend to eat here was the character and amount of greenery they have around, its like dining in a cute little jungle. First impressions were great. The menu was Thai based, and being in Thailand thats exactly what I wanted...More
"I've been here in this area for a first time and in this restaurant .
Staff are very friendly and service is like you are sitting in one exclusive restaurant!
Food is just perfect! So fresh and tasty, I love and I really recommend this...More"
Fantastic Thai food in Karon, Phuket. Food was delish, great vegetarian options, attentative staff, great ambient and relaxing music!
"I have been visiting Asia since 2007 and tried so many times the Thai cuisine ad different levels and in differente places.
That being said I have to admit that this small restaurant not only captured my attention because of its nice and stylish look...More"
This little gem of a restaurant is off a side road just by Old Phuket on the main road in Karon Beach. It's just down the road from Ging another great restaurant and next door to a great massage place. It's a quirky little restaurant...More
Good Thai set meal and pasta for the kids. Wish we'd discovered this side street, just off of the beach road, sooner as there are other nice restaurants close by.
We got the shrimp wrapped in rice noodle. It was really good - quality fresh shrimp. My wife got thai basil chicken and I got the Penang pork for entrees. Both were great! Penang pork here is my fave dish so far on our Thailand...More
Was an amazing evening! It was just me and my mom, BEST thai food. If your looking for local real and tasty thai food this is the place come. Their milkshakes are a cherry on the top- must try
"Wanted somewhere different for dinner and found this place in the old town
Great food had a starter and 2 mains to share everything was very nice
Polite staff and very good price"
We went based solely on the reviews but were unfortunately left disappointed. We ordered Chicken Pad Thai and Chicken in cashew nuts. The chicken was quite chewy in both whilst the sauce with the cashew nuts was very salty. The Pad Thai was too hot...More
Came back after 6 month, it is still a very good restaurant with very tasty food. Especially the red curry and Penang as well. A good choise if you want curry better than average
Came across this restaurant on trip advisor!! We were not disappointed!!! Fabulous food, fantastic service and couldn't fault the mojitos!! Loved every thing about the chilled out atmosphere of this cute little place :)
Amazing food, good service, delightful ambience. What ever you order, they cook it with love, and present it with more love! The food is authentic, but made for the European standard! What else you need?
This restaurant is typical Phuket. A small inexpensive place to get a fantastic feed. Service is great and the menu is extensive yet great quality. Doesn't look like much but worth the visit.
The best "green papaya salad" in Karon. "Tom yam" very good. "Phat thai" delicious! The service is very fast.
From the newspaper tablecloth to the patron messages on the walls, this is a very informal restaurant. The menu is maybe not as extensive as others in the area but there should be something for everyone. Prices are on par with others, maybe even a...More
"I have travelled to Phuket every year for the past 6 years and I like to have a meal at Bai Toey. It's one I know and trust and the service and food have never let me down.
The food is deliciously fresh authentic Thai...More"
"We read alot of reviews before we chose this restaurant. Most said it was great and authentic Thai.
They were NOT wrong! It was the best! We had a set menu. It was easy picking. I mentioned that I do not eat meat. Instead of...More"
"We had an evening meal here which was complimentary (with our Scoopon accommodation package)
We ordered from the Thai Set menu which was our only option and had Chicken Satay for starter, Tom Yum and a Chicken Cashew Nut Stir Fry with cute rice in...More"
A nice little Thai restaurant, we ate here our first night in Phuket this time and found it very nice. The price is very reasonable the food is good, my daughter did like the rice shaped into a little bear..
Really nice food & great staff. Had a couple of meals here & always walk away full & happy. Staff very helpful & service was good.
We had diner here one night with voucher from our resort, we found the restaurant in a nice side street with many others. The food was ok.( although a bit spices for what we ordered) but when in Thailand try what other people eat. We...More
Really liked the food..good options for vegetarians. Service was great..fast and the meal had great surprise treat of a icecream.. rice served in a form of a teddy bear..picture below..great ambience..overall cool, relaxing and lovely dinner..
We ate there twice the food service etc was all good. The dry red curry was a standout. Prices were standard for the area.
We stumbled on the restaurant as we walked along the beach road and saw some shops. Food and service was great price was in line with all the other restaurants. We particularly liked the Penang curry and the prawns wrapped in noodles and deep fried....More
"Great little restaurant in Karon tucked away off the main road near Old Phuket Resort.
Food servings were a littlw small but it was really good food.
We were here with a big group of friends with kids in tow and they cater for all...More"
Beautiful, comfortable restaurant with delicious food. Thank you very much. Friendly staff and amazing Green Chicken Curry.
What great atmosphere - like something out of a time capsule with lots of old photos of how Phuket used to be. Lots of messages written on the walls by previous happy customers. Full traditional Thai menu together with an extensive European offering. Very friendly...More
I've been travelling to Phuket for the past 3 years and this little restaurant serves the best Thai food on the island. Amazing staff and the Thai food is authentic and delicious! Having tried lots of restaurants on the island this is the one I...More
Very good food. Friendly staff and the service was great. They made the som Tom very well. The building has character.
"The meal was fantastic and every little details was taken care of. Chef Genio is a very affable person with great culinary and managerial skills. I would definitely recommend it to a friend.
PS the chef is also very handsome :)"
We ate here 4 times during our week there and enjoyed the delicious food. The wait staff was extremely friendly and couldn't be more helpful. We ate both inside and outside depending on the time of day but would highly recommend making a reservation if...More
You find delicious classic as well as creative Italian food here. Made by an Italian chef who actually sais hello to his guests himself to check if guests liked the food. If you get lucky - like us - he'll invite you to try another...More
Our food was disappointing, we didn't complain, but the chef knew we were not satisfied and gave us a special creamy drink that he had made. I appreciate his effort to please and his sincerity.
great service ( Patcha led) good food and drink. a great place to sit for a good wine.thank you . we will certainly return
"Our top picks are rocket salad, mushroom soup, black truffle ravioli, and branzino sea bass.
Pizzas are also very delicious with some gluten free choices for pizza and pasta as well."
"My wife and I dined here to celebrate our anniversary dinner and also chose Cucina as the restaurant to conclude our final evening’s stay at the JW Marriot which was very special.
We both love Italian food and were exceptionally pleased with how truly authentic...More"
"Another visit to the Cucina restaurant at the JW Marriott hotel , Mai Khao beach , Phuket.
As always tasty food , lots of choices from starters, main courses to desserts .
This time however , Cucina's chef , Andrea prepared a special dish from...More"
A highlight of a gesture holiday, every dish that arrived was excellent with the vegetarian Carpaccio outstanding. Great Italian food with a real twist.
"We ordered a total of 5 courses starting with
1. Gamberini on a layer of Papa pomodoro - the prawn was cooked just nice and bread soaked W tomato was tasty.
2. Rucola Salad (Just so that we can feel less guilty)
3. Tomato Gazpacho...More"
We stayed at the JW Marriott Resort in Phuket for two weeks in February and ate at Cucina 5 times because we liked it so much. Chef Andrea and Patcha, our server and hostess, made it a culinary and service pleasure each time.
"We enjoyed a dinner on the deck. Delightful service by James and Adina.
Great food. Came without a reservation and quickly seated outdoors.
Great variety of food - Italian and Thai."
"An amazing restaurant at a beautiful property, Cucina Italian Restaurant served the most sumptuous dinner to make our celebration a wonderful one.
Excellent service matched with the perfect attitude and friendly smiles made us feel welcomed. My recommendation to visit the restaurant and enjoy their...More"
Dev from Nepal did a great and attentive job. We had a lovely evening with great food. Compliments! We will definitely fo again.
Nice Italian restaurant in Thailand. It feels good and the service makes this even better :) the credit goes to DEV - good luck in getting to great hotelier!
We were 3. We started with an appetizer that was very good. Of course Italian bread was always table ready. 2 of us got their Lasagna and it was very good. We also ordered a pizza margarita, which also was very tasty. The third member...More
Hubby and I came here for dinner one night and were treated to lovely service and pretty good food. Towards the end of our meal, we made eye contact and the pained expression in our faces said it all...something was not sitting right. We quickly...More
We are currently staying in Jw Mariott Mai Khao and have just had our second dinner at Cucina. We love Italian food, but in such a big chain hotel like Mariott we didn’ t expect anything special. Much to our surprise the meals were excellent,...More
"As always - very enjoyable.
Great food and very friendly service!
We will come back for sure.
Thank you!"
"I visit Marriott vacation club at phuket many times and dine at this restaurant every time.
This year, they have a new chef from Italy and the pizza is much better than previous visits. After my meal, I told the chef how good his pizza...More"
Game was our server on two different occasions. Food was tasty, but the service was even better. I highly recommend visiting this restaurant!
Excellent dinner. I got the lobster pasta and it was delicious. Great atmosphere. We would definitely go again!
"Although when we first came in we thought the buffet did not have much choices we realized we could have 2 extra courses which made the whole deal excellent.
Food was very good, sweets delicious and the ice cream station very entertaining for the kid....More"
Had an excellent meal. My wife had the Salmon, it was superb in a wonderful sauce, I had pork which was very nice and the tiramisu was super. Chef came out to ask about the meal, a very nice young man from Italy. Our waiter,...More
Insanely good pizzas - our family eat several per day (you can order them poolside) and they are our benchmark for comparison to any pizza back home in Hong Kong. Sadly, having stayed at the resort many, many times we have never had a good...More
"My wife and I were invited to a special tasting dinner by Chef Andrea Genio at Cucina restaurant at the JW Marriott, Mai Khao Beach, Thalang, Phuket, Thailand. We had an absolutely marvellous meal!
Chef Andrea and his sous-chef prepared six courses that were all...More"
We truly enjoyed our meal here. The service was wonderful, and all of the dishes were excellent. Everything was fresh and delicious. Wine selection was good. Was probably our favorite restaurant on the property. Please try it!More
Usually I am skeptical on going to restaurant of this sort. To me good food do not represent by the pictures & comments from people. This was different. The place was clean & the service was good. I wanted something out from the menu &...More
"I've been at Cucina for Buffet dinner,
Wow it was amazing!!!
Nothing else to say.
Incredible choice of food, very well organized. Staff very helpful and ready to serve at their best.
I have to thanks Chef Andrea for his professionalism.
Best value for money,...More"
Came back after a few months alongside wife - have to say La Cucina do not disappoint, chef Andrea always deliver when it comes to quality, no need to mention how great the food was (many reviews here speak for themselves), i was pleasantly surprised...More
This restaurant very nice. Staff very obliging. The bread for a starter was very good and a generous serve. Our meals were very good. Would come again.More
"Lovely meal with good food
All the better for having Dev from Nepal as our waiter
Engaging service and highly recommend you goMore"
Visited for dinner, enjoyed the pizza and risotto. Very knowledgeable and attentive staff. Great service, reasonably priced for the resort. Patio option offers great views as long as the humidity isn't too bad. Our server Dev was excellent, attentive but not hovering.More
Excellent as always! We’ve been coming here for 17 years and the quality is always top class. Highly recommend.More
great food, but the highlight was our waiter, Dev from Nepal. What a star. Should get a commendationMore
"Our family ate at Cucina during our annual stay at the Marriott. There was a visiting Michelin Star chef during that week, and we chose the buffet on Sunday.
The food was mostly forgettable (especially the tuna pizza which stayed uneaten, the sea urchin fussili...More"
Leadership changes with an Lead Chef, Indian No 2 and a Internationally experienced Thai Manager enables the establishment to deliver to all tastesMore
I have a vacation home not far from the Marriott and have visited Cucina twice in recent months. The first experience was spotty with some excellent dishes and others that missed the mark, including cold undercooked ravioli, which we sent back. Nevertheless, my son enjoyed...More
"<U+05D0><U+05D7><U+05EA> <U+05D4><U+05DE><U+05E1><U+05E2><U+05D3><U+05D5><U+05EA> <U+05D4><U+05D0><U+05D9><U+05D8><U+05DC><U+05E7><U+05D9><U+05D5><U+05EA> <U+05D4><U+05D8><U+05D5><U+05D1><U+05D5><U+05EA> <U+05D1><U+05D9><U+05D5><U+05EA><U+05E8> <U+05E9><U+05D4><U+05D9><U+05D9><U+05E0><U+05D5> <U+05D1><U+05D4><U+05DF>. <U+05E0><U+05D4><U+05E0><U+05E0><U+05D5> <U+05DE><U+05D0><U+05D5><U+05D3> <U+05D5><U+05D2><U+05DD> <U+05D4><U+05E7><U+05D8><U+05E0><U+05D5><U+05EA> <U+05D0><U+05DB><U+05DC><U+05D5> <U+05D1><U+05EA><U+05D9><U+05D0><U+05D1><U+05D5><U+05DF> <U+05E8><U+05D1>. <U+05D4><U+05D0><U+05D5><U+05DB><U+05DC> <U+05E0><U+05E4><U+05DC><U+05D0> <U+05D5><U+05D4><U+05E9><U+05E8><U+05D5><U+05EA> <U+05DE><U+05D3><U+05D4><U+05D9><U+05DD>.
A special thanks to DEV who served us wanderfuuly and made our family evening even greater. Thank you Dev!More"
"Great food and spontaneous service!
Food is good. Kids friendly menu too.
The lobster pasta is good here.
Keep up team CucinaMore"
"We visited this restaurant several times during our stay at the JW.
Every time the food was excellent, the service friendly and the atmosphere fun.
Chef Andrea really goes the extra mile to make sure all guests are taken care of and was happy to...More"
We had an excellent meal and Dev, our waiter, was very helpful in finding vegetarian options and catering to our 2 1/2 year old. Fantastic and look forward to eating there again very soon!More
We were tricked and fooled into spending $156 on Truffle mushrooms on Christmas. We ordered a $15 mushroom dish (500-600 Thai) and they came over and provided truffle slices on top of the dish which we thought was included in the dish. Apparently they were...More
A great place to unwind and try fresh oysters, wood fired pizzas, salads and the rest. Good service and great wines.More
We stayed at JW Marriott resort, with friends for a week,, amazing resort, had a great time. Our friends had their wedding anniversary during the trip which we celebrated at the Italian restaurant Cucina. What a beautiful evening, absolute perfection, the best food, taste and...More
Went to Cucina with family for a light meal. The welcoming staff gave the restaurant a warm atmosphere. Our table was looked after by Dev, a lovely well trained guy who was a great help in our choosing the right dishes. I would recommend Cucina...More
We just wanted a good pizza for the kids and it wasn’t as puffed, authentic and crispy as we ordered. The breads are quite plain/floury... if that’s a word.More
We very thankful for warm heart from staff and Chef bharat.we enjoy food and service from You.Hope we have a chance to come back here again.Food with apple chips and seabass which cooked perfectly.More
"Good Italian food on the JW Marriott Phuket grounds. First time visited in 2016. Second time 1 year later.
Service was super (thanks Nam). Started off with the Carpaccio Classico (beef tenderloin, rucolo, shaved parm, and Mosto Cotto). Main course of Andaman Sea mackerel and...More"
"Lovely meal.
Nice friendly staff
The food was very nice and reasonably priced. Chef Bharat was excellent and came to talk to us as with other customers...it gave it a more personal touch and was very welcoming and friendly.
Would highly recommendMore"
The food was awful both starters (we sent back) and mains (which we didn’t eat). The gazpacho did not resemble gazpacho which I’ve previously eaten in many countries around the world and the pasta was terrible.More
We eat here every time we come to Phuket. We always enjoy it. This time the food quality seemed even better than we are used to. It overlooks the ocean and pools of the JW Marriott. Black truffle ravioli with wild mushrooms was particularly good....More
Fine restaurant with a limited italian menu. Staff very friendly and attentive. A pleasant decor. Limited wine selection somewhat overpriced. This restaurant is located within the JW Marriott and is next to the lobby bar, a nice place for a drink before dinner. I had...More
We couldn't believe the quality of the Italian food at Cucina! I'm usually hesitant to order Italian food while traveling, but the reviews were so strong that we knew we had to try it. Best decision we made! We had a fabulous meal.More
Great Italian food! The set lunch deal was excellent value and we got this twice for lunch. It’s a little expensive though.More
Khun Ploy took good care of us with great suggestions for dinner for our party of five. The dinner was great value for money. Chef Bharat invited our boys to help prepare the pizza we ordered. That was an unexpected treat and wonderful experience for...More
My recent visit to this restaurant and I ordered 2 pasta & 1 soup, but they changed my foods into the lunch set, so is 2 lunch sets ( I not aware of the lunch set ) , I realised that only after I paid...More
Great Italian restaurant which we ate twice. The chef is from Italy and it shows. The food would rival any in Melbourne i.e. Pizza, pasta and especially the Tiramisu. End of the night they had the staff give us a home made card with a...More
We love Italian food, so we had family dinner in the Cucina. The food was really good, but the service was outstanding. So competent and very very kind. Will certainly visit them again.More
My wife & I ate at this restaurant on the first night of our stay here. Because it was our honeymoon they set up the table with flowers, candles and had our names on the table as well! James, Lena, & Pat were great servers...More
"Tasty food. Authentic Italian cuisine.
They offer a formule at lunch relatively cheap. The staff don't understand very good english. Absolutely delicious ice creamMore"
We are not at this hotel. We popped into it by accident looking for a meal. Well. Oh.my.god. It was 9pm. We were greeted brilliantly by the staff. Seated and our menu perfectly explained. We questioned the specials asking are these starters. Nope main meals...More
Truly enjoyed their pizza but also truffle pasta, beef cheek risotto etc. Very nice service and atmosphereMore
We dined at cuccina and the service and food was excellent. The homemade gnocchi with pesto was sensational as well as the wood fired pizza. The food was authentic and made from fresh ingredients and from scratch The service was great and staff very attentive....More
"We have stayed at the JW Marriott many times in the past but this time we actually stayed in other hotels but based on previous good experiences at Cucina we decided to make a special visit just to eat at the restaurant.
from the moment...More"
"The truffle ravioli, white pizza and creamy pesto penne was absolutely amazing!
Service was great, setting was nice, and the food portions were good too- suitable for sharing.More"
My wife and I enjoyed a great dinner here during our stay at the resort. Besides the food, we really enjoyed interacting with the staff and learning more about them. Our server, Lala, was exceptionally friendly and attentive. Wish we had this type of service...More
"This is a good place to enjoy pizza with kids
It's a wood oven pizza area on 2nd floor closes at 10 pm a bit early though
overpriced? Kind of margarita around 300+ THB but the ambience is cool n comfortable
The staff is polite...More"
We went to wine testing at Cucina restaurant in JW Marriott Resort & Spa Phuket.( I think that was activities for monsoon when guest cannot chill at the beach or go out to another place) That was nice!!! I'm a picky eater because I like...More
Enjoyed a nice lunch here and the minestrone was delightful If you are hungry, try the set menu to get a taste of salad, pasta and gelato. They give you a choice of 3 flavors! The chef was very friendly. He had just arrived a...More
Absolutely outstanding food, wonderful service. A real pleasure to dine at Cucini. Chef Bharet professionalism contributed to our memorable eveningMore
"Romantic dinner
Execellent food!
Greet service with two really nice waiters Dev and James
Extra bonus: the chef Bharat personally asked about our experience and explained the preparation of the food and the background!
We had a wonderfull time and a great experience!
Thank you!...More"
The staff was welcoming and friendly (as has been the standard during our stay here at the JW). Food was incredible and filling. It was served in traditional courses, so be sure to enjoy the complimentary fresh Italian breads, and order one of the delicious...More
Went to Cucina 3 times during a 2 week stay and all 3 times both service and food where outstanding. Best pizza I ever had outside of Europe and the service, especially Dev and May took the extra step. In our opinion by far the...More
Went to Cucina for the wine tasting. Pat was a great host and took very good care of us. Tried five different Italian wines and everyone was great.More
Had dinner here and was worried that there were no vegan options on the menu for the person I was with, but needn't have been. The staff were very helpful and created a pasta dish especially, that was suitable AND delicious. My Beef Cheek Truffle...More
During our recent stay at the JW Marriott we enjoyed a number of lovely dinners at Cucina. Chef Bharat and his friendly staff made our family very welcome and we enjoyed the delicious Italian cuisine. The pizzas and pastas were all amazing - in particular...More
A must go to restaurant - strongly reccomend it to Italian lovers. Although I wish the menu had more variety, overall experience is great.More
"I really recommend this restaurant. The staff is very helpful and chef Bharat let my daughters make their own pizza and it was a great experience for us. Had really fun.
The food was very fresh and specially the desert.
We had a very nice...More"
"Four of us are spending our last 3 days in Thailand here. The property is beautiful, the staff is fantastic.
As a group, and then just my wife and I, chose to dine at Cucina italian restaurant. Led by Chef Bharat, the staff, the wine,...More"
Chef Bharat helped us in making our pizza choices. He even got my son to make his own salami pizza. Very nice experience at Cucina. Here's a pic of Chef Bharat.More
This was our first time at this resort and we decided to give this restaurant a try - it is just fantastic. We started with the Bruschetta and it was just packed with flavor. We then had the pizza and it was just fantastic also....More
"We had a fantastic night with Italian food which was a great break from Asian restaurant in our stay in Phuket.
They have a great chef who is very friendly and very approachable person. Every restaurant should have a chef like him.
Strongly recommend this...More"
Visited last night with my wife and 6 month old. Food was amazing. We had the Tortellini and the local tuna with both dishes incorporating truffles wonderfully. The antipasti for 2 was also great, but you had better be hungry if you do this and...More
Cucina is a Italian restaurants located in JW Marriot Phuket Resort. We got a warm welcome from sous Chef Bharat who prepared the most delicious Italian dishes. The Chef is from Italy, but he was on a holiday. We had the buffet with manny choices....More
"Excellent food personalised by the chef and great service by Dev.
Garlic soup was delicious served with a selection of bread.
Pizza made according to personal preference.
Polite and cheerful staff- served by Dev.
New to the post chef- extremely friendly and a great chef.More"
Only thought we would find gourmet pizza, but to our surprise, we had a nice blend of savory local and italian food including a delicious mixed mushroom soup with truffle oil. Similarly, we tried bone marrow for the first time, drawing off the local menu,...More
"Wow what can we say, unbelievable food and impeccable service. We are a very picky family with differing nutritional requirements but this was catered for with absolute ease.
The Sous chef Bharat who has recently arrived from Assam catered for our every need and personally...More"
"If you came here you should definitely try the pizza specially ""polo & 4formage""
Staff are very friendly, great atmosphere and the food is very delicious
All in all it was a wonderful Italian experienceMore"
You can find here tasty food, with a large variety on the menu. Waiting time for the dishes is less then 7 minutes. Very friendly and helpfull stuff. We definetly recommend it!More
Me and my wife didn't have a chance to try the food because it was close after lunch, and we already booked a local restaurant for dinner. However we get to check out the wine cellar and grab a bottle for our dinner. Many wine...More
Great place as there is a large variety of delicious food for instance the sea bass and cheese gnocchi were favorites for my family and I. Excellent service with welcoming and efficient staff. The talented chef Andrea came over to ask how our food was...More
The Italian manager was very knowledgeable. He asked if the fish was to be served as whole or filleted. I chose the latter.More
What a fab night ... we were served by May who was very friendly and helpful especially to my 2 daughters. Then Chef Andre gave my two girls a pizza cooking lesson.. highlight of holiday so far.... thank you so much!!!More
We visited cucina restaurant with our two children. One of them has 7 different food allergies so finding food is always a challenge when dining out. Chef Andrea was only to happy to come and chat to us about food options and what he could...More
Our family of five ate dinner at La Cucina and had a wonderful experience. Italian chef is great. Service was top-notch. We enjoyed meeting Ilya the manager, who visited each table and made sure we enjoyed our dinner.More
We enjoyed our food here, lots of varied takes on dishes you may have tried before. The Chef came by our table and greeted us, and asked how our meal was as well. We enjoyed the complementary bread with olive oil and vinegar, and the...More
"While expensive by Thai standards it is in the JW Marriott...
The food is generally good quality but the two pasta dishes we had were amazing.More"
Food is great... we tried the caesar salad and the simple regina pizza which was simply perfect! Yet the best was Dev, excellent young man from blissful Nepal who rendered impeccable service and attention... "simple thing matter a lot"... nothing is coincidence: everything is carefully...More
Service was incredible! Food felt like we were dining in Italy rather than Thailand. The chef, Andrea, made sure to come by and introduce himself before the food came. However, above all, the best part of our night was Patcha, our waitress, who truly made...More
We visited Little Tiger for dinner with our three children. The views are amazing and the friendly staff worked tirelessly to accommodate everyone’s needs including the children with colouring pencils and paper to draw. Food was delicious and fresh and the views of the ocean...More
A brilliant location with stunning views..best of all absolutely amazing food, good portion sizes (especially the spring rolls) that is very good value and a family ran establishment who couldn’t do enough for us from providing insect repellent to allowing us to take our left...More
Typical small restaurant - concrete floor and plastic chairs, but great food, cold beer, good prices and GREAT view. Well worth the gentle climb to get all that "American Expressness" out of your system from the Marriott. Definite must try
Great little family run place on the hill from Marriott hotel. Stunning views. Lovely service and great food. We spend there 3 evening each time trying different dishes and they all were delicious. Next time we in Phuket we will definitely visit Little Tiger!
This is a little hidden gem on the hillside above the Marriott. Food.is fantastic and the views are stunning even at night. Prices are good as well. Have now been twice and only been at the resort for 4 nights. We will be back again
It is great to be able to walk from the Marriott Merlin Beach Resort to Little Tiger restaurant. It has a fun atmosphere, good local food, and great views.
We had delicious pad Thai,green curry,and red curry chicken. Beautiful views,smiling service. Father, 2 daughters and 1 son. Take cash only , great value
The restaurant had bigger portions and better food then the Thai restaurant at the Marriott. Plus it has great views of the ocean.
This is a great location overlooking the sea and has fab sunsets. Each time we went there was no-one else there so not atmosphere and a bit disappointing.
The food was decent, but not outstanding. It is a nice change from the high prices and "western" food at the hotel. It's worth the walk for a change of pace
Loved our dinner at Little Tiger - if you're staying at the Marriott, then definitely have dinner here one night!!
"A short walk across the beach from the Marriott at Merlin Beach and up the steps for an amazing meal.
It looks a bit like a 1960's cafe with palstic table cloths and a couple of guys who dont dress for the occasion, but they...More"
You will always remember the view especially for an early dinner as the sun sets. Though you'd expect to pay about half the price for the food if this was just another local restaurant in Patong. That said the food was reasonable. You request the...More
Cheap with amazing views, cold drinks and great tasting very cheap food.An excellent alternative to the merlin beach resort restraunts and half the price.
"Little Tiger use to be good even though they were pretty expensive.
Went there and thought we might visit them again however found they only open for lunch at 1pm. Who opens at 1pm for lunch?
Being persistent, we returned for dinner and the food...More"
Now in low season and not a lot of people around we visited little tiger this evening with friends, I had another red curry and having had the super spicy before I asked for something in between a medium and super spicy. The food arrived...More
It's a convenient place to get Thai food if you are staying at the Phuket Marriott Merlin Beach. It's just up the hill from the hotel. Standard Thai dishes but prices weren't that great. However, that's understandable given that they've got a captive consumer since...More
Told about this by people at Marriott and we weren't disappointed. We ordered three dishes and rice for the two of us and it was too much food. The fish in ginger was a whole fish and was delicious. The pork musaman curry was delicious,...More
"Food is lovely, although service is slow.
We ate there 3 nights in a row, and were pleasantly surprised. One thing to note is don't judge a book by its cover. This restaurant is very basic and local but the food is really good."
Pls pls don't bother trying the food here. Is so so bad. You can come over and chill with friends over some beers yes but not the food. The tomyum doesn't taste like tomyum, the green curry is sweet and too much coconut. They don't...More
We discovered this on our last day staying at Marriott Merlin beach and I really wish I had found it earlier. Just a 3 minute walk up the hill from the beach. The food is good, the place is absolutely clean and the views are...More
While staying at the adjacent Marriott Merlin Beach Resort and walking along the beach we found something different in this family restaurant that had been recommended to us by someone else staying at the resort. And after walking up a few steps on the hillside...More
This small family restaurant on the hill next to the Marriott hotel in Tri Trang beach is fantastic. Short climb up the hill reveals a fantastic view, the staff are very friendly and the food is excellent. Prices are about average, will definitely be back...More
Great food at this little hill top restaurant. Excellent prices and our family tried nearly everything on the menu during our stay at Merlin beach resort. Chicken massanan curry was to die for. Our favourite ask for 'medium spice' if you like a hit of...More
We had dinner here as we were staying at the Marriott Merlin beach and the restaurant is very close by. We Sat down at 7pm and after ordering at 7.10, our entrees did not arrive until after 8 by which time our kids were starving....More
What a fantastic find. The service was great, so friendly and helpful. Very reasonably priced too. Highly recommended.
I think this restaurant has a lot of potential, unfortunately when we were there on 2 occasions the wait for food was incredibly long. On one occasion the kids got their meal after an hour, everyone else apart from one got there's 40 minutes after...More
We stayed at the Marriott Merlin Beach and quickly found ourselves "over" the Buffett style dinners (we had two included in our package - we didn't use the second one) and once we discovered Little Tiger we didn't go longing for nearby, tasty, authentic (and...More
Needed a break from the resort food for lunch and wanted some more real local Thai food. This place delivered with an amazing view. It was a short hike up the hill from the Marriott and was worth it. 500 THB for prawns, rice with...More
Absolutely loved our meal ... staff were fantastic. Our meals were so nice and we really enjoyed it. Thank you so much ... a must visit.
We stayed at the merlin beach resort back in 2015 and loved our stay. It was amazing to walk a few steps and be on the beach surrounded by beautiful locals and then to walk up quite a few stairs (worth it) and enjoy a...More
"Perched up on the hill looking over merlin beach is this great family Thai restaurant.
The food was spot on we had spring rolls, pad Thai , the house recommendation was the level 4 hot curry way to hot for me !! Tasty Satay chicken...More"
Hubby and I stayed at the marriot merlin and ate at the little tiger 2x - both nights the meal with tip came to about 1,000 baht- so about 35-40 Aud. we had the squid entree both nights- a very tasty pad Thai, two different...More
The restaurant is located up the southern end of the beach in front of the Marriott Merlin Beach Resort. There's a nice view of the beach from the restaurant, and the staff are very friendly, offering the children free ice cream cones by way of...More
Just a short waik upthe hill beside the Marriott where you will enjoy very good Thai food served with a smile.Even have paper and pens to keep the kids quite.The Spring rolls and satay so are a must Thanks again for a wonderful <f0><U+009F><U+00A5><U+0098> <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Little Tiger is a small stroll up the hill from the Marriott Merlin Beach. Staff are very friendly and service is quick. There is a large selection of Thai food and you can select how hot you want it, type of meat and whether you...More
"Perched on the side of a hill at Marriott Phuket resort, this outside restaurant has majestic views, unforgettable food and arguably the nicest host we have ever encountered.
If you are staying at the Marriott or nearby hotels this is a MUST TRY! The food...More"
"The restaurant stands on the hill with the beautiful view on the bay.
The waiter was very friendly and he offered the mosquito spray as we came in the evening.
The food was very good, especially tempura squid, which was so tender."
"This quaint little family restaurant has the most awesome view of the almost private beach and bay. It is open till about 9:30pm and we were not there in peak season!
Food was well prepared although menu was not very extensive. They allowed us to...More"
This restaurant is run by the most lovely and kind people, the food is AMAZING and always safe with the most incredible service! On our recent trip one of the staff laid out a rug and sat with the kids to show them how to...More
"set up the hill above Merlin Beach - open air café style restaurant (do have some cover)
best service ever!! - fast & friendly
deco - very simple: plastic chairs / table / table cloth
view - to die for!! fantastic looking down to hotel...More"
Great food, awesome view of the beach and Marriott Merlin beach. Take some bug spray or you will be dinner after dark.
The red curry prawns were fantastic! Tom yum soup and pad Thai was also excellent! Good service and great view!
its a nice quaint little place catering to all, the kids had a good time we ate some really nice thai food and the wife been a chef is always looking for some inspiration and she found a few good local tricks
Not very busy place on daytime. It was ok to visit once but not quite sure to visit it again. Service was polite and stuff looked happy.
What a gem this place is. The tables and chairs are basic but the friendly staff are quick to make you welcome. The starters are superb and the main courses are so varied and delicious that we have felt the need to return again and...More
The spring rolls are very crispy! The fried flat noodles tasted good and the texture is very chewy - like it! But the fried mixed vegetables are a bit blunt. In fact, the prices are only a bit lower than that of the hotel's Thai...More
"What can I say other than wow.
The view perched from on top the headland overlooking Merlin beach is truly magnificent and attracts the most welcoming breeze to take the humid edge off.
The food though. OMG!!!
Absolutely beautiful!
Ordering the fried chilly with squid...More"
This is a family-style, small outdoors restaurant that offer good thai-food. We've eaten there several times during our stay at Merlin/Mariott Beach Hotel, and it's always tasty. The decor is very simple, but service is always polite and friendly.
"Dined here in 2003, 2013, and heading back in May 2017.
We will be staying at Avista this time and this will be our go to restaurant most nights.
Can't wait, as it has never let us down"
Great Thai food, beatiful view and excellent servise very near of Marriot hotel. Value of money place.
We visited Little Tiger with children almost daily for dinners when in Marriott Merlin Beach...lot of thai food choices, even for my boys there vere available burgers and chicken nuggets. Self-booking on the white board during day very reliable, nice, very friendly staff and great...More
This is a great little restaurant, you have to go to the beach at the resort and up the stairs on the right hand side. great food and cheap prices. if they ask you if you want mild, medium or hot. let me tell you...More
"Great food, great staff and great views.
We arrived on a Monday and the restaurant was closed so we returned on Valentines Day and enjoyed a very pleasant lunch.
Before lunch we had a long tail boat ride from Merlin Beach ask for a ""...More"
Best local Thai food when staying at Merlin Beach, definitely worth the walk up the stairs. Lovely friendly staff great food very cheap!
So glad we decided to eat here, We had local Thai food with an amazing view overlooking Merlin Beach. Everything was reasonably placed and a nice change from being on a resort.
This is the only restaurant within easy walking distance of the Marriott Hotel. It overlooks Merlin Beach (part of Tri-Trang beach), as does the Marriott. If you find climbing the 80 steps too arduous, the owner will send a car to pick you up from...More
We have visited this restaurant couple of times. Service is very friendly and food is soooo tasty! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> is a very good place to visit!
"Very good option instead of eating at the Marriot Merlin Resort when living there. Lower prices, plastic chairs and friendly service. :)
We also walked all the stairs from the beach, to get good icecream - Magnum. It is worth it :)"
could nt ask for more lovely food very cheap too it made our stay in Thailand went there most nights,
The portions are super tiny and very expensive; 400 baht for four prawns... also the service is terrible. The only positive thing is the view
Over price for Thailand, Don't get the photo man to take photo unless your Alone. That Ex cost and a waste of Money.
After reading all the great reviews on this restaurant, myself and my husband went, the food was very average the Pad Thia was nothing like we've had at other restaurants, the satay chicken was tough and grisly. Not worth the effort to get there.
We had been here before with friends when we were staying at the Merlin Beach Resort. This time there were 11 of us staying in Patong and we had raved about this place so much, everyone wanted to go. Luckily we planned ahead, as the...More
While staying in Patong we ventured out in tuk tuks on the recommendation of friends. They were closed but opened especially for our group of 11 the next night. The menu was extensive and really reasonably priced. Watching the sun set on a beautiful night...More
We dined here for dinner 6 of the 7 nights we were staying nearby at Twin Sands. It was a truly delightful experience every time. The staff, the food, the view, the location, the service (always with a smile), the cheerful 'sawadee' when we walked...More
We were planning to eat here even before being told by other residents at our resort how good it was. Got there early so we could return to our resort before it got dark. The view was fantastic and we thought the addition of a...More
Came here many times after staying at the hotel next door, Ignore the shabby sheek of this place, the food is amazing and the staff are absolutely lovely, view is beaut too. Cocktails were excellent.
We came here a couple of times because the food was so good. Original Thai food, well priced and amazing flavours. It is just down the road from Twin Sands resort and a short walk up the steps from Merlin beach or the driveway which...More
"Worth every step of the climb from Merlin Beach resort to get to this little gem. The view is probably the best I have ever had in a restaurant anywhere.
We ate here twice and were greeted with big smiles each time. The relaxed atmosphere...More"
A lovely place on top of the hill. We stayed at the Merlin for 2 weeks and are here most days for either lunch or dinner. Friendly staff and fresh tasty food at a reasonable price. Our second year of coming and will definetely be...More
Very good little restaurant just up the hill from the Merlin Beach Resort. Authentic Thai food worth climbing the hill, there are steps and less mobile people may have difficulty. Competitive prices and better than most of the hotel food. The cashew dishes are particularly...More
We were staying at twin sands resort and wandered down to Marlin beach . Found this cute little restaurant perched above the beach . Food is fantastic , service is great , prices are awesome . If you go here you MUST try the spring...More
A great little restaurant very close to merlin beach resort. Way better chooce than eating at the resort. Try the massaman curry!
First visit whilst staying at the merlin beach resort. Will definitely go again before heading home. The views are amazing and the Sunset was lovely, staff were all very helpful, and our food was great.
Just had a lovely meal at this rustic restaurant. The staff are so sweet and super friendly. The menu isn't extensive but all tradition Thai options offered. Was apprehensive about cocktails but they were perfect. A lovely touch was the ice cream sundae on the...More
Just a short walk up steps from Merlin Beach Resort is this little unpretentious restaurant. Run by a family who obviously love what they do. Their menu is quite extensive and offers a choice of 4 levels of spiciness! The portions are generous and all...More
Currently staying at the merlin beach hotel and what a dime this is. Setting is amazing and food is delicious. It's a lot cheaper than eating in the hotel and the staff there are super friendly.
A little family owned restaurant just up a hill from the beach at the back of the Merlin beach hotel, we stayed at this hotel 9 yrs ago and ate at this restaurant twice, at the time it was just sea food and it was...More
We visited Little Tiger once during our trip to Phuket. As a Merlin Beach visitor this place is easy to visit - unless you are travelling with baby stroller. We had to take a long trip around the hotel and travel a bad road to...More
Accessed by the beach by walking through the Merlin Beach Hotel, this little family business offers great Thai food at cheap prices. The service is good too. You do need to walk up a series of steps as it is situated on a hill. We...More
We stayed at The Merlin Beach Resort. We found the restaurants at the resort very expensive so was wonderful to have such a great little restaurant right out the front of our resort which was great value, fun for the kids and beautiful fresh thai...More
Pleasant, well priced and fresh food! Don't judge on appearances it's a little beach bar. Relax enjoy the view. It's well worth the walk up the hill to have some lunch up here as far more choice than at the merl in hotel
A lot of reviews are from Merlin guests, and rightfully so. We are regular guests as the service and food is second to none in Patong and surrounds. It is like coming home when visiting. We stayed in Town this trip but hired a taxi...More
"We had dinner here whilst staying at the Merlin and were very impressed.
The restaurant is nothing special to look at but the food was very good (much better than at the resort by far) staff are friendly and attentive and the views over the...More"
We stayed at the Merlin beach hotel and found this restaurant just of the beach. The food is amazing, the price is a lot better then what you pay in the hotel, the views were lovely and the staff really work hard. You really must...More
"We visited the Little Tiger during our stay at Merlin Beach Resort.
Staff were super friendly, view was great and we loved the food."
We stayed at the Merlin Beach Resort and this is a great choice for lunch or dinner and it is way cheaper then the hotel. We ate here several times and the food is delicious. They mostly serve Thai food but there are also some...More
We discovered Little Tiger when staying at Merlin Beach Resort two years ago. It seems as little has changed: Still delicious drinks and overall very good value for money at Little Tiger!
"A lovely little restaurant with a rustic feel
The restaurant is hidden at the end of the beach with great views. The food was all excellent and although the service was a little slow it really doesn't matter sit back relax and enjoy."
"Went here after reading the reviews, we stayed at the Merlin Beach Resort and it was just a quick walk from the beach up the steps.
Awesome view of the beach and coastline, super friendly staff (always gave us lollies with the bill) and fairly...More"
We were holidaying in the merlin and we ate here every lunchtime apart from Monday's when it was closed . We also ate here a few evenings when the tide came in and we waded back . The food here was totally amazing. The pad...More
We loved our meals & the service at Little Tiger! They provided our children with pencils & colouring in & they always have fantastic music playing! Highly recommend Little Tiger.
We discovered the Little Tiger restaurant by chance & we were so pleased we did. The dinner we had there was delicious, the friendly greeting & prompt service was great. We were surprised at the choice of drinks (both non & alcoholic), very extensive. It...More
We used to walk up here for lunch from the merlin beach and was lovely every time. Always greeted with a smile and cold flannels and cold drinks. Good price for food and drinks and very fresh and well cooked.
If staying at Merlin Beach Resort or anywhere in Tri Trang Beach area, Little Tiger is a definite visit multiple times. We stayed at Merlin Beach for 6 nights and visited here 5 times. It's got the best views of the sunset and we watched...More
What an amazing find this was. Just up the beach from Merlin Beach Resort, up quite a few stairs there is a little restaurant which to look at is not much but wow the food is great, fresh and cheap. Everything was so tasty and...More
Good food and yummy cocktails on the private merlin hotel beach. Beautiful view having dinner the ice cream is very nice. Great service. A must for couples and families. They even give you mosquito lotion.
"each dish we tried was amazing.
good value for monney
short walk from our hotel.
didnt skimp on the alcohol in cocktails...."
Food remains tasty and good customer service. The prices have gone up from the previous year. Book if the hotel is busy.
My husband and I had diner here and absolutely loved the food, service, ambiance and thoroughly enjoyed!
"I recently had lunch at Les Daibles and can recommend the quality and tastes of the food. The staff were courteous and the service good. As I was sitting outside they provided a fan to cool down the table which was a nice gesture.
Nice...More"
"Lovely location overlooking the marina makes it a nice spot for evening drinks.
I've eaten there several times and always enjoyed the food. The Sunday menu changes and always feels like the owner / kitchen are putting effort into keeping it interesting as opposed to...More"
We found the Marina where Les Diables very quiet. Having said that we ate here a couple of times and had a few coffee breaks sitting watching the boats bob in the Marina. The food was delicious, the service friendly (when you could locate the...More
Lovely setting looking out at the marina. The decor is class, slightly kitch. The owner clearly has class. Menu very English; do not expect French cuisine considering its name. First class ingredients and well cooked. Service throught was very slow. Coffee mugs far too big;...More
Really enjoyed the Sunday lunch here, really nice place and food. The highlight was the caramel cheesecake dessert, it was heavenly.
Were here for Sunday Roast and it was delicious. Good service, top food and the sweets from Peter Webber are just fantastic. Will be back again. Thanks to Khun Santichai for bringing us to this nice place at Boat Lagoona.
I’ve been here twice. Once for their Sunday Lunch which was nice and good value for money but very slow. It was over 30 minutes before we received our first course (from a set menu so I couldn’t understand the delay except they were also...More
This little place has very good food. But unfortunately we had to wait over an hour for the entree so had basically finished our wine by the time main arrived. However the staff were very apologetic and we got free desserts and 10 % off...More
Had breakfast and morning tea while on holiday in Phuket. Staff friendly, lovely location overlooking the marina. Food was lovely and presented nicely. Check out the Patisserie you won’t be disappointed! Price good ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I've been hearing the commercial for "Les Diables" so often I decided to give it a try. Excellent restaurant. We just had breakfast there. The food is succulent, the staff is very professional and friendly and the best surprise came from the bill. I had...More
We holidayed here 4months ago and returned for a week because it was so relaxing AND could return to this treat of a restaurant! A LondonSavoy Hotel trained top chef here in Phuket, definitely makes this a great attraction for us. His Sunday special menu...More
"I have been here many times. Peter and his team are great,
Food is great and reasonable and the cakes are of course fantastic !
Fantastic venue on the weekend for brunch or just anytime for a small ish watching the great view in the...More"
"Visited 3 times- incl. sunday lunch and afternoon tea.
Excellent food, ambience, service and value. A must visit."
"High Recommend! Flawless every time. We had the best breakfasts at every visit (4 of them) in a week. Best coffee, amazing patisseries. If you are after a traditional or continental style breakfast - then it is must.
Wish we tried lunch and dinner."
I spend a lot of time at Boat Lagoon. This restaurant is open from 0800 (except Mondays) for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Peter, the owner, is always on site. He is one of the top pastry chefs in the country. His baking is to die...More
We have been staying at the Marina and in walking distance of Les Diables. We have walked past several times and it is usually very quiet however the food always looks delicious and the bakery smells draw you in. We had dinner here last night,...More
Had the Sunday roast menu. 500thb per person, great value meal. Includes couple of starters a main course and the best home made deserts in town. The chef came over to explain the deserts as well which I thought was a nice touch. Will definitely...More
We have dinners there very often as we live in Phuket. Very tranquil ambience and beautiful view over the yatch marina. The food is delicious and moderately priced. The desserts are a must try. Very friendly service.
If u like to be in a nice location locking to sailing boats and the water it's a must the menu is excellent
We have been at the Karma Royal Lighthouse and have been having breakfast and dinner here. Lovely food, staff and out door seating with view of the marina and boats. Great breakfast smoothies and wish i could have tried everything on the dinner menu. Love...More
We loved this place and enjoyed the food and service. Only problem was limited Thai food on the dinner menu. Great on the lunch menu.
Had a very pleasant dinner & breakfast at this restaurant. One of the biggest coffee mugs I have seen. :-)
"First morning staying at the nearby Royal Lighthouse villas and came here for breakfast.
Absolutely wonderful food.
So we just had to try dinner. Met Peter Webber the creator of our delicious meals.
We have been back several times and every meal is great, service...More"
Thanks to open again because you make the best chocolate cake in Phuket you are the Best. I love your schone and all you make with chocolate
Great food and they serve Bloody Marys!!! Lovely sitting overlooking the marina. Looking forward to our next visit.
"We dined there several times over the last couple of months and found the food to be of good quality and reasonably priced.
The staff are attentive and provide good service.
Our favourite dishes are the Thai seafood and the schnitzels.
The restaurant has good...More"
"Dined here a few times. Prices were fair. The food was excellent. Thank you
Recommend here for good coffee, breakfast, and lunch."
This is in boat lagoon marina and we walked there from our hotel The setting is quite good overlooking the marina. The salmon dish I had was very fresh. We weren't impressed with the fish and chips. But their deserts were real. I really enjoyed...More
"After visiting Les Diables some time ago it was time to catch up. The restaurant is really a tranquil place inside Boat Lagoon over looking the yachts.
The food (especially the patisserie) remain great. Fabulous service and Peter (the owner) is a wonderful host who...More"
Chef Peter, provides very high quality food in a great location. If its a party, dinner, lunch or afternoon tea, you will not be disapinted. The patisserie, is the best on Phuket. Go and indulge yourself.
excellent value for money both casual and formal dining. great cakes and sandwiches.prices slightly dearer than resort
Good (great?) location on the water front at Boat Lagoon, very good service (for these parts) but question mark over the value equation. Prices are typical for restaurants in these locations but 120 baht for 7 chunky fries is taking the piss. They were good,...More
Had a great breakfast here and everything was perfect. The food and service was excellent. I also took advantage of the cakes on offer at other times which are scrumptious. Do yourself a favour and try them, you wont be disappointed.
Recommended to this restaurant by friends..wasn't disappointed.. venue clean tidy spacious with plenty of varied seating styles including open deck.. Menu had plenty of choices with the ultimate dessert from the pastries at rear. Staff friendly & ready to assist.. great view onto marina &...More
A delightfull place to eat on the Lighthouse Boat Lagoon Marina his food is to die for his cakes so exquisite and delish his pork beefand chicken pies are a treat on their own , no lack to detail comfort style service is second to...More
We have been here for lunch many times mainly because we are never disappointed in any way. The menu is interesting , food is delicious, service excellent and setting relaxing lovely overlooking the marina. We also went for the special Sunday lunch which is a...More
This was my second visit. After the success of the Sunday Family Set Dinner where we were served one delicious dish after the other, this time we went for the English Carvery Buffet. Again it proofed to be an extravagance: a choice of cut to...More
Friends up from Singapore asked us to book a restaurant convenient to their hotel, for us all to have dinner. We chose Les Diables ... in the Boat Lagoon Marina. We had a wonderful evening ... the staff were very attentive without being overly so...More
We ate here because of staying nearby and that it rated highly on trip advisor. It was nice to go to a restaurant that was clean. We were a table of 4 and there were no complaints all round. Service was pleasant. When we ordered...More
Spent a week at Boat Lagoon and ate mostly at Les Diables. A great experience could not fault anything. Incredible range of food including Thai,French and English fare,service was impeccable,pleasant outlook into boat harbour. Have been in Phuket for nearly a month and this has...More
I like the place and heard the Birthday cakes and all the pastry is delicious. Unfortunately, I did choose the chicken mango salad and it was soggy, too much dressing, average presentation. I should have learned by now...
"Looks expensive , but very reasonable when compared to other non thai restaurants . Food was delicious, fully flavoured,service was great, meal was served with vegitables that were a meal in themselves. Drinks at standard price eg fruit juice fresh 800
Before main served was...More"
Nicely situated with a view of the boats. But the atmosphere is very impersonal. Nobody smiles! The stir fired chicken was pretty good but the poached eggs and smoked salmon was not that great. Poached eggs were a little bit overdone and placed on top...More
Went because it was close. Great view of the marina. Thai food was excellent. It is also a pastry shop with incredible desserts. Highly recommended!!!
"What more do you want, friendly service and a good menu choice, whether for breakfast a snack or dinner, and the patisseries are to die for if you can after your main meal.
Highly recommended in what is a culinary desert at Boat Harbour."
Best Patisseries restaurant i found in Phuket! The cake is fantastic, food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful :) Recommended!
Absolute delightful and delicious, eaten here for both evening meal and a brunch. Brilliant food and service on both occasions and would recommend and return without hesitation.
Ths place is amazing , been here everyday for a feed and omg best salmon I've ever eaten been mouth watering , Then the bakery in there is to die for , so many yummy cakes , slices , pies , amazing view , day...More
I very often go for lunch at Les Diables. The restaurant is very nice, with an amazing view on the harbour, the food is great with an excellent value for money and a very nice presentation which really make a differerence. From breakfast to dinner...More
"Amazing Cake, Delicious and professional services.
The Custom cake is so Beautiful. and even more nice than i explain to them. They professional on their skills. Thank you so much.
We have a happy time with this birthday cake. We will order every year.))"
We had a nice and tasteful dinner here! Waitress is well trained and reasonable price! Located in Boat Lagoon where you can enjoy all the beautiful yatches !
The pastry chef is amazing. Cakes and homemade icecream are the real deal here. try the coffee and sweets too !
We visited Peter and Toon through recommendation we had a fantastic evening 'Sunday Lunch' in January beautiful desserts and cakes nice and busy but plenty of seating inside and out spotlessly clean and most of all a warm welcome and lovely company thank you we...More
Fantastic bakery and cafe. Anything chocolate here is to die for. Nicely situated on the marina, excellent service.
"We were visiting Phuket from out of town for the purpose of our daughters wedding and had been recommended Peter Weber for the wedding cake.
Given it was also our own wedding anniversary and wife's birthday at same time I also ordered a themed anniversary...More"
We ate breakfast here several times. Each time everything our party of 4 chose was first rate. The fruit plate and the granola with fruit wee favourites. I had excellent French toast. The coffee was very good. The tea above good, proper English tea in...More
"Great views and food. The breakfast menu is extensive.
Food was great and service was prompt.
The atmosphere needs some work with perhaps some music in the background."
"The view is sumptuous.
Delicious yachts.
A beautiful board walk.
The latte was silky smooth and tasted just right for a coffee snob.
My husband got a strawberry milk shake - made with real strawberries. We shared the French Toast with black currents.
Plus banana...More"
"Have eaten here a few times for dinner and also had breakfast here whilst staying at Boat Lagoon. Truly the best place around to eat whilst at Boat Lagoon!
Food is always very fresh and tasty and service is brilliant with excellent friendly staff always...More"
We had a nice meal here, and good quality wine. The menu has a nice mix of options which means the whole family can find something to enjoy.
Nice view overlooking Marina's yacht. Love the salads and bakery treats. They really are the best! Service is very efficient and friendly .
Les Diables is truly a gem not to be missed when visiting Phuket. The location in the middle of Boat Lagoon is fantastic. The moment I sit down at one of the outdoor tables at the walk way I feel totally relaxed, enjoying the marina...More
I have been there for several times all foods are very tasty and yummy the environments around there is very fantastic and great and the staffs service is very professional i am very happy to visit there and will be there if i have time...More
I been at Les Diables for dinner with my husband for celebrate our anniversary and we pass a unforgettable evening, the host preparated for us a nice view table with flower and candles, the service was warm and professional. Wonderful food and amazings desserts. Just...More
"I've been to Les Diables restaurant and I must say, where else do you want to have a dinner? The great view and food are the perfect combination for a relaxing day at the harbour.
The staff meets you with a lot of kindness. The...More"
few day ago my wife and me we been there for celebrete our anniversary and we get a nice view table decorated with flowers and candles. The service is nice warm and the staff give us a smile always. The food was great and the...More
I ordered by email prior to travelling to Thailand a chocolate birthday cake for my husbands birthday. The cake was excellent and delivered to where I was staying for a small fee. My husband is a foodie and expert on all thing chocolate. He as...More
Went with a friend for Sunday lunch. ..full salad bar and 4 courses of deliciousness! I shall most certainly be back on future trips to Phuket
I had breakfast here with a friend as soon as j arrived in Phuket as it was well recommended by many of our expat friends living in Phuket. Boy were they right. Breakfast was good, hot chocolate was good and the pricing was reasonably priced...More
Really nice food overlooking the lagoon. Great views across the immaculate yachts, the cost of which I can only dream. I ate a crisp tasty salad sprinkled with Brie shavings that went down well with a crisp beer at the end of a hot day.
We ate here several times during our stay at Boat Lagoon. We had breakfast, dinner and coffee and cake. It has a great view of the marina and is a great place to relax with coffee and one of their fabulous cakes which the make...More
"This restaurant was only a few steps from our accomodation in Boat Lagoon at Phuket. We had a lovely afternoon drink after a long day visiting James Bond island and thought we may as well try dinner.
After getting an outdoor table it started to...More"
The other day I went to Les Diables for a quick lunch - how I wished I could have made it a longer one! The lunch was great - a lovely nicoise salad with home made bread on the side. The view was incredible, with...More
"Les Diables was recommended to us by friends. So we ventured there on a Sunday afternoon. Besides the daily menu they also offered Sunday Roast which comes with a large Salad Bar and
a 4 course menu. While we were sitting in the air con...More"
My daughter and I went for a respite from Hong Kong, visiting our friend Heather's place near Boat Lagoon. Shortly after our arrival, we went to Les Diables for a lunch of Pad Thai, perfectly executed in a regular version and a vegetarian one for...More
After having heard about it from friends numerous times we decided to try it. Setting is very nice with view over the harbor but thats pretty much it. Ordered a burger with cheese which came cold, no dressing on salad, no salt on fries and...More
Just love the view, very friendly staff and the home-made pancakes, so delicious. Capuccino is also a Must! Not to be missed!
We have enjoyed lunch and cover breaks here several times and always order our cakes from Les Diables. The coffee is very good and the staff are friendly and helpful. The atmosphere is always very good.
"Often refered to as a pastey shop, les Diables is in fact a restaurant. Nested in the middle of the boat Lagoon by the docks, this beautifully (but simply) decorated place is a gem. One can eat inside or outside.
The chef - owner, Englishman...More"
I m a big fan of sweet and pastry. so i m not easy to please. As I seriously don't mind to have for breakfast , lunch or even dinner if I find one. if you are watching your diet, they even have a refreshing...More
I have been coming to Les Diables since its opening over a year ago, it is one of the best restaraunts i've been to in Phuket.The food is delicious and well presented. I especially enjoy the salmon florentine as well as the chicken mango salad....More
"Amazing patisserie , and tastes so good too.
Food was fresh beautifully presented and plenty of it . Really good value .
Staff welcoming and knowledgeable of the menu items which was really helpful.
Owner Peter is a real master of his trade and such...More"
do yourself a favour and go to Les Diables. Great for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner, first class food and service. Don't miss the best patisserie in Phuket, all cakes and pastries made fresh on the premises. Their Sunday Brunch is a must. Once you have...More
"This little restaurant in Boat Lagoon is one of the better restaurants on the island.
Peter and his staff serve you real high quality food again reasonable prices.
It's not overdone but all just in the right proportions.
Service is good and attentive.
I can...More"
"A great find. The restaurant is in the Boat Lagoon Marina in Phuket on the east of the island. Great value, Great Food (the quality was overflowing!) and Great service too.
By the way the best cup of coffee I have had in Asia!"
"Pro :
- Professional patisserie & international cuisines
- Very warmed friendly owners & staffs
- Great view of Yachts
- Varieties of drinks, patisserie & international cuisines
Cons :
- Located in ‘Boat Lagoon Yachting Shopping Complex’. There is on the way from Phuket...More"
"Pro :
- Professional Patisserie & International Cuisine
- Very warmed friendly owner & staffs
- Great view of Yachting
- Varieties of drinks, patisserie & international cuisine
- Available In-door & Outdoor seating, preferable outdoor for the best atmosphere
Cons :
- Located in...More"
I sometimes yearn for the taste of English tea and all that comes with it, but would you expect to find that in Phuket? look no further as this place is the real deal, in fact you could every hour of the day here and...More
I been to Les Diables a few time and every time I go I alway have a great time the food is great I had salmon florentine for dinner wow so nice the way salmon cook served with spinach sautéed potato White wine cream sauce...More
"This new restaurant is owned and managed by Peter Webber (ex Chef / owner
of Les Anges restaurant) and Khun Toon. A fabulous Chef (and guy too) whos CV includes the Savoy in London and The Oriental in Bangkok.
Excellent, well prepared quality meals and...More"
"I'm a retired executive chef and a generally picky customer and I just love this place. The espresso is perfect, the breads and pastries some of the best I've had anywhere.
Stumbled in looking for breakfast and ended up at the Sunday Roast, a stunning...More"
This is a wonderful little place off the tourist beat tucked away in a Phuket marina. Wonderful to sit out on the boardwalk by the boats, or inside in the charming blue/gold decor and enjoy simply delicious food. If you love pastry and dessert this...More
"I have been om this area 4 times in 1 year on vacation with my 7 years old son, and we have tried almost everything that excist of restaurants and the conclution is the best without doubt all round place is still Shakers.
The location...More"
Great food...great service. Daily specials are awesome. Portions are plentiful and the food is very tasty. The owner will ensure that your dinind experience is exceptional.
Centrally located Nai harn. Reasonably priced all you can eat delicious pork ribs. The salad bar was simple but very very nice and fresh. Great potato salad. This place would be good for a family dinner. Large menu to choose from. I recommend this place
"Ole the owner was Fantastic .
He always had time for us and gave us great advice on were to go ,What to see .and prices on about any thing from phone deals to Kickboxing camps.
We ate at Shakers several times and the food...More"
Each day of the week is a all you can eat like on Tuesday is the ribs , Sunday lamb, pork, roast all you can eat. Good service on Wednesday day I had a boasted chicken dish good food.
We were recommended to try this restaurant and we weren’t disappointed. There were more Europeans eating here than locals. The food was nice and the service was good. We had a couple of friendly dogs who sat near us the whole time, which was ok,...More
"My wife and I had a really pleasant lunch in Phuket at Shakers Restaurant near Rawai. We had heard about the English roast buffet, so we went along Sunday afternoon and, I have to admit, it was fantastic.
The waitresses come up to you at...More"
The selection and quality of the roast Beef, Lamb and Pork is the best quality I've encountered here in Phuket. The staff are excellent always ask how you want your meat cooked and you if still hungry they are happy to serve you more meat...More
"We come her many times a week me and my son and it is alway nice with decent food and polite staff and a very helpful manager.
Price level is good and and service is good.
Only problems are other guest smoking and the fans...More"
"The BBQ Buffet on Mondays and Thursdays is very good value at under THB400. It's tough to run a BBQ buffet in low season with limited customers, but Shakers manages the balancing act.
The small salad bar was fresh and tasty, with lots of dressings....More"
"Well we pass d this place on the way to Nai Harn beach.
The good is quality. European standards and even the b at Thai curry yet.
The owner is a Belgium guy so not surprising the food is good.
Prices are very reasonable, sri...More"
The food was OK, we had the BBQ all you can eat for 350.- not the best and not the worst, not much choice but for the price it was reasonable. The thing that really bothered me was the light. They have the lamps on...More
We stayed at Nai Harn Beach Resort and they have an agreement where they can order food from Shakers that will be delivered there. Man....did I love this. Shakers has some great onion rings and I really loved their mousse. It doesn't taste like regular...More
"Nice place and very kind staff, but strong barbecue smelling, not pleasant for everybody.
Average thai food, acceptable western food.More"
Spent holidays close to shakers so after our first try, shakers became our choice for dinner almost daily. Shakers was recommended by a local who was working (singing?) there. Menu choices are big. So i first thought i wouldn't find thai food there. But pad...More
"On a 2weeks trip alone with my 6 years old son and he often do not want Thai food so we went to Shakers to have more western food.
Nice place with polite staff and manager, food good and all is clean and neat.
Price...More"
Not a picky eater myself, but traveling with 4 kids can have its challenges. Shakers had the room, the menu and patience to make a wonderful dinner happen for all...even after a day in the sun.
"We were walking back from nai harn beach and came across shakers.
Food was really good and reasonably priced. We both went for Thai food rather than the all you can eat ribs and it didn't disappoint.
Not a lot of taxis around so we...More"
Shakers has a massive menu everything we tasted in 2 visits was awesome, but think they are meat specialists And who doesn't like a BBQ chicken straight off the spit? YUM
My mom and I enjoyed the best pizza we have had in Thailand (Hawaiian and Patong pizzas) and some cold beers. Much to my dismay, our check arrived and I realized we forgot to bring our money. I told the staff I was going to...More
I had the roast beef which was cooked to perfection and I love the creamed mushrooms, second helpings are encouraged
Had a great time at Shakers tonight! Flying solo and walking home from Nai Harn Beach I decided to see if all of the raving reviews were accurate. Not only are they, it has such a warm and welcoming atmosphere. All of the staff are...More
We ordered delivery to our condominium two nights in a row. Haven't been to the actual restaurant so I can't comment on the venue or ambience. However food was good. Very tasty and spicy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008B> yum. The delivery to At the tree in Rawai was...More
"Nice cold beers, delicious all you can eat BBQ ribs and deserts that were so tasty.
We can back a dozen times because it was so good."
After a week of eating only Thai food, stumbling across this restaurant made for a very welcome change. The food was quite tasty even though the restaurant itself was pretty basic. We had Lovely roast beef and lamb, grilled chicken breasts and all the lovely...More
Went with friends two of us had the all you can eat ribs not sure they will ask us back :-) food well cooked staff attentive restaurant smart and clean, all good
Shakers is run by Olly - a professional Belgium chef who knows his way about both the kitchen and Thailand - he previously owned in Patong - and has captured the market in "all you can eat" evenings, which are dear to the hearts of...More
Very casual dining the staff were busy but attentive and friendly. I had the 1/2 BBQ chicken really well done very tender and moist and seasoned perfectly. The potato salad was cold and tasty and came with green salad and a great balsamic vinaigrette. Great...More
Smart and clean. Great service. Cold beer and a substantial menu. If you want to get away from Thai food have the burger. Filling and well cooked. Other meals around us looked great as well.
Food was average, waiters ignored us and we had to try and grab their attention even to order it get the bill. While we waited on food a man came round with a selection of example tattoos (tribal sleeves and such) and repeatedly requested whether...More
"Olivier is the guy who knows how to run a business. Welcomes the guests, keep an eye on the staff, who were great by the way, and asks if everything is as you wish for.
You can chill here and enjoy the place. Specials each...More"
"nice food and a wide selection from thai to western and at a reasonable price. lots of specials too.
our kids love it as they can have a different type of food every time we go. Will be back in August 17 and will definitely...More"
"We eat here as often as we can at least once a week. It's a great restaurant with an extensive menu. Thai, western and European cuisine.
I think the Thai food is lovely and very clean. The half Bbq chicken and chips is delicious and...More"
I went 3 times in a week , this became my favorite resto ! Olivier is the perfect host , from Belgium , nice professional staff , often BBQ , perfect !
Love the all you can eat BBQ, Ribs or Sunday Roast. Great staff and location. Lots of parking. I try and eat there once a week.
I have eaten at this place many times and have to say I've never had a bad meal yet, the chicken Hawaii is a must try also they make the best banana shakes
All you can eat Ribs!!! Very great. The sauce is kind of mild Texas. Service is very good. Price not bad. RIBS ARE KING!!!
If your visiting Phuket and love a Sunday Lunch I would highly recommend Shakers rhe quality and quantity is unsurpassed for 350 BAHT (£7.50) one can eat as much Pork, Beef or Lamb with as many Veg all top quality. As a bonus it is...More
Great evening..bbq all you can eat,but the must is the Meat..delicious have n't had kebad, steak,homemade chips,...freshly cooked..like that for ages!And even the sauces..NOT from a jar...Best value for money in phuket. .!!! 10/10
Took my family there on Monday night for there all u can eat BBQ. Apart from having no fish or squid ( as advertised ) it was fantastic. Meat and prawns cooked exactly to taste. Well made salads and breads to accompany. Service was fantastic...More
Lovely modern establishment on a quiet road out to NaiHarn beach. Defiantly worth a trip. I had the rotisserie chicken and my husband the meatballs. Both were great. Excellent to was the chocolate mouse in brandy cup, very decadent. We had walked down to the...More
Have passed by Shakers for years thinking, based on its logo, it was high fat crappy American bar food. WRONG ! The food is excellent ! Had a smoked salmon which is smoked locally ! The best ever on the island. Followed that with duck...More
Really enjoyed the ribs special last night! The sauce was just right and the beers were excellent! Very good service and always nice to see the owner of business coming around and asking if everything was Ok. Look forward to going to back.
Had driven past many times and always busy, especially at night. After giving it a go, i was happy but would need to go back again to get a better opinion. Service is really good and the fact that they had Roast of the Day...More
"Great restaurant with good kitchen and really big portions. ""All you can eat"" offer is perfect for hungry men. Pork ribs are great!!! And 1/2 chicken is really huge!!!
Prices are normal for this portions of food! Recommended!!!"
On recommendation from a friend we headed over to Shakers in Rawai from Patong for their Saturday night all you can eat Ribs special ....WOW ... we all ate so much we nearly exploded and not because all u can eat but because they where...More
We have been here now 4 times on a Saturday night when they have their all you can eat BBQ Ribs and they are great. Good marinade, good flavour, good atmosphere. The salad buffet that goes along with the Ribs could do with a bit...More
"As you enter the place you already feel at home....
The menu offers a wide variety of mouth-watering dishes. The main courses are consistend and very tasteful. Fresh products with the warmth of homemade food. Smily Staff and a symphatic owner, always around to exchange...More"
"We have visited this restaurant several times and have been impressed by the friendly and swift service. Genuinely happy smiling faces on the staff, as well as fellow diners.
Amongst the Best value options are the all you can eat BBQ spare ribs and potato...More"
Good delivery Service, huge menu, food was good, we ate from here five times, Chocolate Moose was great must have....
"Whilst on holiday we ate here OFTEN. The staff are absolutely lovely and can't do enough to assist you. We especially loved all you can eat Ribs on Saturday night, the Lasagne and deserts. I would recommend this place to everyone.
SHOUT OUT to Miss...More"
As a Brit who has lived in the area for nearly five years, it is great to have a restaurant that offers the taste of home. They do all-you-can-eat menus every night and a roast on Sunday. The staff are all very friendly and prices...More
Have lived in Nai Harn area for 6 months, go to Shakers twice a week, extensive menu, excellent food and very good value. Great service, run by Belgians (I think). European style, pizzas, soups, a range of gourmet burgers, milkshakes, a range of European beers,...More
Great place and have all you can eat nights for only 350B, bargain! Can get busy at times but the food is still amazing. The host alway makes sure you are a looked after and happy. Good quality food and good sizes.
Daily specials including all you can eat ribs, steak, kebabs, prawns, squid, chicken. Enough room for large families or groups.
We have just returned from Nai Harn and this was a great option for our teenage son who didn't always want to spend the whole day with his parents!!!! So we arranged delivery form Shakers numerous times. The food was of good quality and arrived...More
Okay not the best meal in town but at 350 baht per head all you can eat I've got no complaints. Sunday is Roast Day with Pork Beef Lamb and all the trimmings including Yorkshire pudding. With a carafe of wine turned out to be...More
Worth the money. Staff were very friendly and they kept the ribs coming. Ribs were nice and we had a salad buffet consisting of mixed green and potato salad with it. Normal menu had many many options and there is something available that suites everyone's...More
I have known Oly the host for a few years when Shakers was in Patong, but I'm glad he is now based in Rawai/Nai Harn, bringing the same quality service and food to the southern end of the island. Many food specials and cold drinks...More
"Sat night is ribs night. 295 Thai baht (£6 or 10USD) for limitless supply of delicious ribs & salad. An absolute bargain. The staff are friendly & efficient. Atmosphere wonderful. Great owner Oli from Belgium.
Tried the mussels too (Fri special). Also scrummy.
Highly recommended"
Shakers is just a great place for a family Sunday lunch. All you can eat roasts (pork, beef & lamb) with the essential Yorkshire puddings. Service and value excellent. The western menu is remarkably good - something that is not always easy to find in...More
Check out the daily specials, always first class service as you would expect from a Belgian professional.
The place is huge, brightly lit and right on the street. Plenty of tables and has a sports bar feel. TV's set to play sports and the staff is dressed up in baseball shirts. The menu is extensive and they're open for breakfast. Prices are...More
Great menu and they nailed things like "Chicken Cordon Blue", and BBQ ribs...things that are generally a "fail" in Thailand. Excellent menu variety--we ate there 3 x's and every time was a huge hit.
295 baht for a gut busting feed of Ribs... YES! salad...well for the first round... tasty, nice sauce and after four serves I couldnt fit anything else in.
We had read reviews and noted the western food seemed good but we were after Thai food. I can't speak for the western food but the Thai food was unreal. It was sooo tasty! We went back the following night to have more of it....More
Had high hopes based on previous reviews, ordered some tapas (fred chicken, calamari, dry pork, mixed veg). It was ok, same as you'd get in most pubs at home. They do have no less than 6 types of cider and prices are good.
The food was tasty,not too expensive,has a variety of different dishes.. all you need for a family dinner..
Absolutely delicious Sunday Roast. As an expat living here in Phuket, I am always looking for great food and most Sundays for a good roast. Have tried many on the island however Shakers really was amazing! Awesome value for money, and its just around the...More
Ate here twice during our stay in Nai Harn, great open air restaurant with excellent selection of food and friendly staff. If hungry the all you can eat daily specials are fantastic value and very tasty - our favourite was the BBQ ribs - you...More
"We had a couple of days just across the street at Vivi Bungalows (see own review).
So we where at Shakers for breakfast once and for dinner twice. We must have looked French because that was the language of the menu on our first visit....More"
We has been for dinner in Shakers 2 times and is was great. The menu is very large and you can all kind of food from thai to western food.
"I was very pleasantly surprised when Shakers relocated from Patong to Naiharn recently,.living in Chalong we're always looking for new places for a night out.
Have been there a few times now and they haven't disappointed. Very nice atmosphere sitting out on the terrace, friendly...More"
"I have been om this area 4 times in 1 year on vacation with my 7 years old son, and we have tried almost everything that excist of restaurants and the conclution is the best without doubt all round place is still Shakers.
The location...More"
Great food...great service. Daily specials are awesome. Portions are plentiful and the food is very tasty. The owner will ensure that your dinind experience is exceptional.
Centrally located Nai harn. Reasonably priced all you can eat delicious pork ribs. The salad bar was simple but very very nice and fresh. Great potato salad. This place would be good for a family dinner. Large menu to choose from. I recommend this place
"Ole the owner was Fantastic .
He always had time for us and gave us great advice on were to go ,What to see .and prices on about any thing from phone deals to Kickboxing camps.
We ate at Shakers several times and the food...More"
Each day of the week is a all you can eat like on Tuesday is the ribs , Sunday lamb, pork, roast all you can eat. Good service on Wednesday day I had a boasted chicken dish good food.
We were recommended to try this restaurant and we weren’t disappointed. There were more Europeans eating here than locals. The food was nice and the service was good. We had a couple of friendly dogs who sat near us the whole time, which was ok,...More
"My wife and I had a really pleasant lunch in Phuket at Shakers Restaurant near Rawai. We had heard about the English roast buffet, so we went along Sunday afternoon and, I have to admit, it was fantastic.
The waitresses come up to you at...More"
The selection and quality of the roast Beef, Lamb and Pork is the best quality I've encountered here in Phuket. The staff are excellent always ask how you want your meat cooked and you if still hungry they are happy to serve you more meat...More
"We come her many times a week me and my son and it is alway nice with decent food and polite staff and a very helpful manager.
Price level is good and and service is good.
Only problems are other guest smoking and the fans...More"
"The BBQ Buffet on Mondays and Thursdays is very good value at under THB400. It's tough to run a BBQ buffet in low season with limited customers, but Shakers manages the balancing act.
The small salad bar was fresh and tasty, with lots of dressings....More"
"I have been om this area 4 times in 1 year on vacation with my 7 years old son, and we have tried almost everything that excist of restaurants and the conclution is the best without doubt all round place is still Shakers.
The location...More"
Great food...great service. Daily specials are awesome. Portions are plentiful and the food is very tasty. The owner will ensure that your dinind experience is exceptional.
Centrally located Nai harn. Reasonably priced all you can eat delicious pork ribs. The salad bar was simple but very very nice and fresh. Great potato salad. This place would be good for a family dinner. Large menu to choose from. I recommend this place
"Ole the owner was Fantastic .
He always had time for us and gave us great advice on were to go ,What to see .and prices on about any thing from phone deals to Kickboxing camps.
We ate at Shakers several times and the food...More"
Each day of the week is a all you can eat like on Tuesday is the ribs , Sunday lamb, pork, roast all you can eat. Good service on Wednesday day I had a boasted chicken dish good food.
We were recommended to try this restaurant and we weren’t disappointed. There were more Europeans eating here than locals. The food was nice and the service was good. We had a couple of friendly dogs who sat near us the whole time, which was ok,...More
"My wife and I had a really pleasant lunch in Phuket at Shakers Restaurant near Rawai. We had heard about the English roast buffet, so we went along Sunday afternoon and, I have to admit, it was fantastic.
The waitresses come up to you at...More"
The selection and quality of the roast Beef, Lamb and Pork is the best quality I've encountered here in Phuket. The staff are excellent always ask how you want your meat cooked and you if still hungry they are happy to serve you more meat...More
"We come her many times a week me and my son and it is alway nice with decent food and polite staff and a very helpful manager.
Price level is good and and service is good.
Only problems are other guest smoking and the fans...More"
"The BBQ Buffet on Mondays and Thursdays is very good value at under THB400. It's tough to run a BBQ buffet in low season with limited customers, but Shakers manages the balancing act.
The small salad bar was fresh and tasty, with lots of dressings....More"
Firstly, the restaurant is off Patong beach above Starbucks coffee shop..Its on the third floor above the steak house. The ambience of the restaurant is compelling and sureal with hints of Mexico flavoured through the restaurant. We went for lunch. This has been our third...More
The food here is great. The service is fantastic also ,especially Sa she goes above and beyond to make you feel very welcome.
Was craving Mexican during my stay in Phuket and they sure as hell delivered! Was so delicious we came back a second time!
We not expected much when visit this restaurant as it hidden in the 3rd floor of the building and seems quiet. We orders just 3 dish but find it hard to finish as it so big but very delicious. Best Mexican food in Phuket I...More
Right across the Street from Patong Beach, this is a great Mexican restaurant. We had 2 for 1 Margs during happy hour with our dinner which were very good. The food was very good with good portions. The two ladies working the restaurant did a...More
The food was really good,huge serves and the ambiance was superb as well , Service was top notch, The waitress that served us ( Wee ) was just wonderful, We will return for sure
"Food is excellent and big servings.
We have visited Coyote on our last trip a year or so ago.
We returned on this trip and its only got better. The staff are friendly and the owner greeted us on the way in and made sure...More"
We had a lovely dinner at coyote, the service was really good. Best sangria we have ever tasted. the dips were great. i had chicken enchiladas which were really tasty and a really generous serve and my husband had the barramundi tacos which were so...More
had the big burrito which was the smallest I've ever had but this was the best I've ever had to, for 435 baht with a water id say its very much overpriced but it is on the beach and air conditioned, would i go back...More
First, our mistake for staying in Patong Beach. Obviously did little research--we travel often and used Patong for a few days in between places. Coyote seemed to be in a bit of a quieter part of the area, and had a nice view. The food,...More
The premises have a great atmosphere and are beautifully finished off but thats where it all falls apart, the food was mediocre and expensive and one of our dishes was hot on the outside and stone cold in the middle, had margharitas which are without...More
The restaurant is at a terrace ovelooking patong beach. The staff is very friendly, the food is delicious and you can sip frozen margharitas. However, the prices are quite european.
We walked up the stairs just looking for a clean restaurant with good food, we had so much fun, the food was great, staff were fun and we drank so many cocktails after that I’m not sure where we went next. 5 stars guys
This is a good place to have dinner. Qualified Mexican cousine with big choice of meals and beverages. Reasonable prices for large portions of delicious food. Friendly stuff, Wi-Fi is available. You can take a seat outside or indoor.
After dining on the local cuisine for several days, even though delicious, we fancied a change in our culinary experience so we gave Coyote a chance as I fancied a burger and my wife fancied the fajita’s. It’s not the best Mexican food that we...More
I was craving for some Mexican so we found Coyote on TripAdvisor. I really suggest the restaurant if you like Mexican. It is very touristy but they have some good beer and a view over Patong beach.
"Was the best meal we had in patong
Had starters chicken skewers very tasty
Wife had salmon main very nice
I had porterhouse stake which was done as good as back home
Probably a bit expensive for Thailand but well worth it same prices as...More"
"The view of Patong beach is nice.
To the chef, please consider greatly reducing the amount of sugar in your drinks and enchiladas. My drink was very sugary, but still drinkable (barely). My meal was just really bad."
My wife’s chimichanga was so sweet, it was inedible. We had to send it back - which we never do. Who puts sugar topping on Mexican food? Margarita was middle-of-the-road. Prices are crazy high. 500B for a burrito & 200B for chips and salsa. Pass.More
Lovely service, delicious food and tasty cocktails. Portions were large. Service charge is added to the bill. I did see a tip jar on the bar, I guess if you want to give extra. Service was very good, so well earned and deserved. Thank You.
We loved this place although this time it was absolutely disgraceful. The prices have jumped considerably yet the the sizes have dropped massively. The quesadillas where the size of the plate at 295 baht, now it’s 395 for three piece and food ordinary. Stay away...More
"This is a really great place to sit and watch the happenings at Patong.
We last attended Coyotes 7 years ago and we spent many evenings here over a 6 week period.
Staff are really friendly and helpful and meals are quite enjoyable.
Probably the...More"
Came across this restaurant when finished an afternoon out at the beach. At this time i was looking for a bite and a drink and was attracted to the restaurant due to the great view of the ocean. My Plan for an entree and drink...More
So I’m from Miami, been to Mexico heaps and love a proper margarita. These were strong but so sweet. Barely got one down it was just way too sweet. No idea on food but if you are going for the margaritas don’t.More
"Our son wanted a Mexican and this one came up after looking online. Was really nice simple menu, something for everyone including those not wanting Mexican.
Decently priced, good service, good food and drinks.
It’s upstairs and if you’d like a table over looking the...More"
The nachos was really good. We had a seat outside on the deck which gave a a nice view onto Pantong beach.
No food other than Thai food is going to be spot on in Thailand but this was pretty good. Western prices as expected and our meal cost us around AUD$60 which, if you consider that we got an entree (the most delicious jalapeño onion rings),...More
My lovely girlfriend and myself stumbled upon this little establishment and found ourselves fancying some Mexican cuisine. Accordingly, we waltzed in with linked arms, Wizard of Oz style, were seated on the balcony with a lovely view of the sunburnt Brits on Patong Beach and...More
Went here a couple of times, the veggie quesadillas were incredible. Great guacamole as well. Lovely view of the beach and friendly staff.
We went there with my husband because we heard that the cocktails were something amazing but when we tried them they were like mocktails!More
Great view of Patong Beach. Great drinks. Super long happy hour. Great for a meal or even just chips and dip with your drink. The waitresses are fun and friendly.
We decided to give the Thai food a miss for a night ,we chose this place purely because of the beautiful views,and we are all certainly glad we did,from start we where treated very welcoming and the staff where very friendly,we took the waitress advice...More
Great view over the beach. The pull pork quesadilla was yummy.... Some ho the pork was a bit sweet. My partner's big burrito was delicious too. Very filling. Do not need entrees.
Should have known this would not be good. 4 people and 3 could not eat the meal. I had the Chicken Wings and fount them good, but having 3 friends who found the meal not to standard was a disappointmentMore
We happened to arrive during happy hour...2 for 1 drinks! The margarita's were fantastic. We ordered pulled pork enchiladas and chilli con carne which was delivered by very friendly staff. Everything we had was fresh and tasty. 4 cocktails and 2 mains for only $44...More
Arrive early so that you get a balcony table to enjoy the cool breeze and fabulous sunset. Oh, and Happy hour is 2 for 1 cocktails (happy girls) and 80bht for icy cold Singers (happy boys). Ozy owned, Ozy managed and Ozy good times.
Went here one afternoon and ordered the Nachos. Pretty expensive to begin with and I added chicken(95THB)and guacamole(120THB or $4US for a small amount of guacamole) which put the price at 550THB or $16 US for Nachos! The pico de gallo was not pico de...More
Amazing food, fantastic cocktails. The staff were the highlight, friendly and so accommodating. Can't rate this restaurant highly enough. Six stars
The food was ok, but not great. The jalepeno poppers were the best item out of the 5 we ordered. Large portions. Good location for views of the street and beach. Friendly and helpful staff.
stay AWAY,,, CRAZY server, COMFRONTING YOU BECAUSE THE AVOCADO IS POISON...AND DARK. wear experience and don't be panic ,don't forget your cop or bodyguard on your side.... please two more block theres a McDonald if your tire of thai food...scape from this placeMore
Great place for ribs thai style (pork) we had a kilo of ribs well kooked with a Thia style sauce served with chips and salad never got to the salad too many ribs. Worth a try.
Had the pleasure of enjoying dinner at this restaurant. Option of eating alfresco overlooking Patong Beach or the air conditioned restaurant inside. Food was amazing and has a kids menu. Staff were all very helpful and spoke good English.
We stopped by Coyote for a few drinks and ended up ordering heaps of food plus few more drinks! Best margarita, ribs & chicken wings. Service was amazing. Tookta, May, Gik looked after us the whole night. They always came to check on our table...More
I highly recommend this place, The portions were huge and at happy hour you get two for one cocktails. I had pulled pork tacos with extra guacamole and sour creme. It was delicious after being in Thailand for a week and daily eating Thai food...More
I'm an American who lives in Australia mate, and been to Mexico many times! Lol, and I'm a lover of authentic Mexican food. The food here is wonderful BUT don't expect authentic taste. Not to put it down at all, I'm just fanatical but also...More
Happy to see that it looks like there are new owners here at what was becoming a pretty tired old affair. Not any more- staff with a spring back in their steps-amazing what supervision does, drinks on the improve-and more to come I hear, and...More
"Fantastic relaxed atmosphere at Coyote Mexican Phuket.
The Margaritas were delicious<U+3002>I tried so many with the great offer of 2/1. So many varieties but the Atomic frozen was my favourite.
Enjoyed some great Mexican chip and dip with it!
Friendly and attentive staff too.
Sitting...More"
We went with friends to get some ribs, we had heard they were amazing and they were. In fact I am totally blown away at how good these ribs are. The portions on all the meals we ordered were huge and everything was delicious. The...More
The kiwi boys strike another gem! Ordered quesidilas and loaded fries for starters both bloody good! Super tasty and generous portions! Big burritos for the mains bbq pork they were fantastic full of flavour! Portion size was big once again so unfortunately couldn't finish the...More
After reading the reviews of this place me and my boyfriend weren't sold on trying the food however we did and absolutely loved it. We had the chicken fajitas and chicken enchilada and it was delicious, staff are friendly and the restaurant has a nice...More
The service is amazing at Coyote, they are quick, polite and happy. The food was amazing, large serves, brought out to the table quickly and exactly as per the description. The location is great as you can still have a conversation while being in the...More
"We love this place. It is just the best venue on Patong Beach to sit and watch the sunset and the people passing by. Set up on the first floor overlooking the beach, the view is just perfect.
Then there is the Margaritas! I didn't...More"
My family and I just enjoyed dinner here. My son lives in SK where Mexican food is hard to come by and not authentic. My son was very pleased with his beef chili burro. I had the vegetarian enchiladas which were also good. I'm from...More
I ate here on my last day and was glad I gave it a try. I had the 1kg ribs challenge with fries and it was heaven! The cocktails are incredibly well priced in terms of jugs and the seating options are really good with...More
The staff were really friendly and the service was great. The cocktail tasted really good and we both enjoyed the food. Great place to watch the sunset.
We had 1 of our best meals here .We had the jalapeno onion rings for entree and shared the 1 kg of slow cooked ribs , washed down with 2 tumbler size margaritas. OMG these were the best ribs weve ever had and for 20...More
This is without doubt the best Mex on Phuket . The Margaritas are excellent , the food great and the view is just awesome . I would go back to Patong just for this gem alone . You can play pool ,dine inside or out...More
"Stopped in here to cool of while wandering town. The place is upstairs and nice inside.
Decided to have a couple tacos and was told that it was happy hour. Ordered the 2 for 1 margarita special. Just what I needed to cool off.
The...More"
Great food great atmosphere and great service one of our restaurants that we like in potong keep up the gd work cheers
so many delicious items on their menu, the photos on the menu don't do them justice. ribs,chicken,chic/wings quesadilla,garlic bread,curry and the chilli we tried all these and a few i can't remember. This restaurant won't disappoint you.More
Loved the food and the mango white wine sangria. Lots of vegetarian options to choose from and very generous portion sizes! Must visit.More
This place has one of the longest happy hours offering BOGOF margaritas and mojitos for about 7 hours! The cocktails are excellent and they are not watered down. The service is also great and the food we did have (nachos and chicken wings) were absolutely...More
This Mexican experience was great with fun staff, great food and a comprehensive list of Mexican and worldwide drinks. The food is fresh and the portions large, no need for an entrée. The views make this a must go not only can you see most...More
We ate lunch here one afternoon and it was quite good. The food was fresh and flavorful. The service was polite and friendly and the prices were good. Portion sizes are large. Good place to get out of the heat as they are one of...More
Was recommended by a local friend and didn't regret it. It was our last night in Phuket, went out on a Tuesday night, I think it was around 7pm. It was fairly quiet but outside had a few people. Staff were very attentive, food was...More
Ate here with my partner and we are so glad we did. Located on the beach front of patong beach perfect to watch the sun set. We had tortilla chips and chicken skewers to start. We should have just ordered one starter between us as...More
Whenever I am in Phuket I always visit Coyotes. The food is really good, but the drinks are even better. We are trying to work our way through the whole margarita menu as they are all fantastic.More
Been to this place a couple times (DEC 16 & MAR 17) and it's been good food and good service. Both times not busy and there has been no rush with great service. Don't expect to get good Mexican food in Thailand but this place...More
This place has a nice rooftop location on the road. I really like the Margarita which had the taste of coconut in it. I can't recall its exact name though. We came here on both nights of our stay in Phuket. Food is tasty too,...More
This is joint to the Banthai hotel complex up stairs and halving visited Mexico the food was very authentic
Food is really good but expensive for Thailand. they have kids meals and is in a good spot. so if you like mexican and sick of thai food then this is a good place to goMore
There is only so much Thai food, pizzas and burgers that one person can consume. This is when we found coyote, the wait staff all spoke and understood English, and the Food was great, we are heading back there again for sure!More
"Great food great music well priced
Great experience. Kids absolutely loved it.
Hidden gem in Patong
Thank you"
Ate here twice during our 10 day stay in Patong Beach. Both times we enjoyed excellent service with very good Mexican food. The first visit we had chicken fajitas and veggie fajitas. The next visit we enjoyed veggie fajitas, nachos and chicken quesadillas. Topped off...More
Good food good prices. Friendly servers and clean restaurant. Not the best but its good food for a good price.
My family of 7 adults came here! We love Mexican but can be pretty fussy. Meal sizes were big and the food was AMAZING! Wish we found it sooner than our last night coz we would definitely go back! Great service.More
Its not always easy to find good Mexican food in Asia. Coyote has pleased our palettes once in BKK on Soi 11 and twice more within 3 days on Phuket Island. Location, ambiance, great service staff personalities and with most speaking good English, we will...More
"One thing I noticed about the Thai people is that they are far from greedy and that most noticeable in their portion sizes. You get enough to fill a gap.
NOT HERE! We came here a few times for one reason and one reason only......More"
Recently went here with my girlfriend while on our trip to Thailand. Went back 3 times in our short time there, great food and loved the Monkey Banana Margarita. If you like Mexican definitely worth a visit!More
"I loved this place! So much so that we went there twice. There's a large choice of food and a great drinks menu.
We sat inside that there is an outside balcony area that overlooks the beach.
The service is pretty slow but I'd still...More"
Had some chili cheese fries and a chimichanga. Really enjoyed it and will return another night. Service was quick and staff smiling. Gotta love mexican food.More
We came here to lunch, and to have something different than thai or sandwiches. As a vegetarian, Mexican is often a good option but this was a complete miss. We ordered the chimmichangas and what we got was dough filled with rice and some corn....More
First, ask the question, why are we eating mexican food in Thailand? This was the only facility we could book for New Years Eve as we waited to long to book. If you're from the U.S., this food would qualify as junk. Was served buffet...More
Loved this place. Visited here twice and the food was fab both times. Had burritos which were really filling and melon margarita are awesome. Not too good for very young children though as high chairs don't have straps . Would definitely eat here again
This is my 4th time to this RESTURANT and it's the worst I have experienced... the food took over 30 minutes to get to my table after I ordered and here were only 3 other tables here... I ordered beef chili and only got a...More
If your reading this do not trust the waitress as a little spicy means your mouth will burn i was totally disappointed will not return .
We were craving ribs and Coyote didn't disappoint. Couple margaritas were great - blended and on the rocks - and the rib dinner was tender and delicious. The BBQ sauce is even good, and I don't usually like BBQ sauce. It was a nice change...More
Food was really good, when it arrived. Service was less than good. Seemed that only one of the staff knew what was going on.
If you are craving authentic Mexican food don't come here! No beans!? Stale chips smothered in American liquid cheese.
"lots of choice for vegetarians
large portions of food
a little more expensive than other places but this is probably reflected in the size of the portions
good choice of drinks
lovely to sit on the balcony to eatMore"
It was nice to have a non-thai meal <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> Good food and very nice waiters, they were so smiling. Lovely drinks and desserts. View over patong beach. Great fans, nice to get a breeze.
We dined here 4 times during our time here. The staff are so helpful and remember you even drink you ordered the day before, very cool.There is a very large terrace looking over the beach and ocean. With 1+1free on all margaritas and mojitos its...More
"Lovely food we were craving a Mexican so glad we stumbled across it. Good cocktails as well! Especially when on 241
If you sit out on the terrace there is a family of a Mum cat with her 3 kittens! Please feed them your scraps...More"
Thought we would try this place as it looked nice ..couldnt be more wrong .the staff have no idea what they are doing 1 member telling us to sit where we wanted other saying no its all reservered.as we eventually walked towards our table a...More
"Turned up asked for table for two pointed a table out we liked on decking was told it was booked then behind us a russian couple are given table
I said 'thought you said was booked ' they ignored statement proceeded to seat russians.....sums up...More"
"Service is excellent! Can't complaint...
Food is ok, I guess....
I'm to used to real Mexican food since I'm Mexican, I expected at least 5 out of 10 on flavor but is not.
Beef burrito, was Thai food wrapped on a tortilla... every tasted Thai,...More"
"I'm not sure how this is ranked 4 hundred and something in Patong?! This place is one of the best places we ate.
Shared a nachos which was great, Boyfriend had the pulled pork chimnychonges and I had the tacos with chilly beef.
If your...More"
I will try to be fair... the portions served are pretty big and the decoration is very nice, also there is many choices and a good service so it is definitely a nice restaurant to go with fri3nds and have great margaritas and a good...More
good location, must sit on the deck. friendly staff and prompt service. pricing is slightly more but still worth it. even though i went there twice during my visit to phuket, overall food quality is good but i have had much better mexican food.More
Nice mexican restaurant and also the service is good.The food is good and also the prices are normal for patong beach.